CH . XVIII . S. 3.

*496

PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .

2. What considered a reasonable time.
A sale cannot, in general, be set aside after a lapse of twenty years (d) ; but in these cases the Court does not confine itself to that period by analogy to the Statute of Limitations, for relief * has been refused after an acquiescence of [*496] eighteen years (a) ; and seventeen years (b) ; and it is presumed that even a shorter period would be a bar to the remedy, where the cestui que trust could offer no excuse for his laches (c).
However, the sale has been opened after an interval of ten years (d), and eleven years (e) ; and even after a much greater lapse of time where the executor had purchased in the names of trustees for himself, and the transaction was attended with circumstances of disguise and concealment (f).

3. Of persons under disability.- Persons not sui juris, as femes covert and infants, cannot be precluded from relief on the ground of acquiescence during the continuance of the disability (g) .
But femes covert as to property settled to their separate use, [or belonging to them as their separate property under the Married Women's Property Act, 1882 (h),] if their power of anticipation be not restricted, are regarded as femes sole (i) .

4. Time allowed to a class of persons.
A class of persons, as creditors , cannot be expected in the prosecution of their common interest to exert the same vigour and activity as individuals would do in the pursuit of their exclusive rights (j) .

(d) Price v. Byrn, cited Campbell
v. Walker, 5 Ves. 681 ; Barwell v.
Barwell, 34 Beav. 371 .
(a) Gregory v. Gregory,G. Coop.
201, affirmed on appeal, see Jac. 631 ;
Champion v . Rigby, 1 R. & M. 539 ;
Roberts
v. Tunstall, 4 Hare, 257 ;
King v. Anderson, 8 I. R. Eq. 625.
(b) Baker v . Read, 18 Beav. 398.
(c) See Oliver v. Court, 8 Price,
167, 168.
(d) Hall v. Noyes, cited Whichcote v. Lawrence, 3 Ves . 748 ;
[and
see Re Worssam, 46 L. T. N. S. 584.]
(e) Murphy v. O'Shea, 2 Jon. &
Lat. 422.
(f) Watson v. Toone, 6 Mad. 153.
(g) Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves .
678;
S. C. 13 Ves . 601 ; Roche v.
O'Brien, 1 B. & B. 330, see 339.
[(h) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75.]
(i) See infra.
(j) Whichcote v. Lawrence, 3Ves .
740, see 752 ; Ex parte Smith, 1 D. &
C. 267; Hardwick v. Mynd, 1 Anst.
109 ; [Boswell v. Coaks, 27 Ch. D.
424;] and see Kidney v. Coussmaker,
12 Ves. 1583; York Buildings' Company v . Mackenzie, 8 B. P. C. 42 ; Ex
parte Smith, 1 D. & C. 267 .