*151
[Сн. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS
settlor in his lifetime, the undisposed of interest in the proceeds of sale will result to the settlor as personal estate, and
go to his personal representative, even though the trust for
sale was not to arise until after the settlor's decease (b).
If
however the trusts declared by the testator so entirely fail
as not to call for a conversion, then the whole estate will
result to the heir as realty, and descend upon his heir (c) ,
though the estate may by mistake of the trustees have been
actually sold (d), and if the testator was seised ex parte
materna, the equitable interest will descend to the testator's
heir in the maternal line (e) .
Sale by Court.- If real estate be devised to A. subject to
a charge of debts, and it is sold by the Court, the surplus
money, it seems, will not be considered personal estate, so as
to devolve on the devisee's personal representative, but will
descend to his heir (f) ;
[and the same rule applies to the
surplus arising from the sale of mortgaged property under an
order made in a foreclosure action (g) .]
But in a sale of an infant's estate under an order of the
Court, which finds that the sale would be for his benefit, the
conversion is absolute, and the proceeds are personalty (h) .
Under Partition Act.-In the sale of the property of an infant (i), [or lunatic (j),] under the Partition Act, 1868,
which incorporates some of the provisions of the Leases and
Sales of Settled Estates' Act, the interest of the infant [or
Pryme, 2 Coll . 204; Bagster v. Fackerel, 26 Beav. 469 ; Wilson v. Coles,
28 Beav. 215; Hamilton v . Foot, 6 I.
R. Eq. 572 ; The Attorney-General v.
Lomas , 9 L. R. Ex. 29.
257 .
(6) Clarke v. Franklin, 4 K. & J.
(c) Smith v. Claxton, ubi
supra
(where the doctrines of the court are
clearly stated) ; Bagster v . Fackerel,
26 Beav. 469 ; Chitty v. Parker, 2
Ves . jun. 213; Buchanan v. Harrison,
1 J. & H. 662 .
(d) Davenport v. Coltman, 12 Sim .
610.
(e) Wood v . Skelton, 6 Sim. 176 ;
see Buchanan v. Harrison, 1 J. & H.
673.
(f) Cooke v. Dealy, 22 Beav. 196 ;
[Scott v. Scott, 9 L. R. Ir. 367 ;] but
see Flanagan
v. Flanagan,
cited
Fletcher v. Ashburner, 1 В. С. С.
500; and Re Cross's Estate, 1 Sim .
N. S. 260; and see Crowther v. Bradney, 28 L. T. N. S. 464.
[(g) Scott v . Scott, 9 L. R. Ir. 367;
Jermy v. Preston, 13 Sim. 356 ; Richardson v. Nixon, 2
J. &
L. 250,
259.]
(h) Steed v. Preece, 18 L. R. Eq.
192; and see Batteste v. Maunsell,10
I. R. Eq. 97, 314.
(i) Foster v. Foster, 1 Ch. D. 588 ;
but see Arnold v. Dixon, 19 L. R. Eq.
113.
[(j) Re Barker, 17 Ch. D. 241 ;
210