CH. VII. S. 2.

UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .

And where lands were conveyed to trustees for a charity by a deed duly enrolled, and without any
reservation upon the face of it to the grantor, but upon a
secret trust that the deed should not operate until after the
settlor's death, the deed was, upon bill filed, declared void,
and decreed to be set aside (e).

But such a secret trust
must be proved, and retention of possession by the settlor
during his life, though a circumstance of evidence does not
necessarily imply a previous fraudulent agreement (f) .

By
a recent Act (g) it is declared that no endowment of a
charity shall be void, by reason that it contains the reservation of a nominal rent, or, of mines or easements, or certain
building covenants, or a right of entry on nonpayment of rent
or breach of covenants ; or, in the case of copyholds, that the
endowment was not by deed, or in the case of a sale for full
value, that the consideration was a rent reserved; and all
previous sales, notwithstanding defects, are to be deemed
valid on enrolment of the deed within twelve months from
the passing of the Act, which period was afterwards extended by successive Acts up to the 17th May, 1866, exclusive (h) . A subsequent Act (i) authorizes any deed not
duly enrolled to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, with the leave of
the Court of Chancery, to be obtained upon summons in
a summary way without service thereof upon any person.

And by a later Act still (k) it is enacted that if the clerk
of enrolments in Chancery shall be satisfied by affidavit or
otherwise that the assurance was made bonâ fide for valuable
consideration, without fraud or collusion, and that
possession is held under such assurance, he may enrol the same nunc pro tunc.

[6. Recreation Grounds.-The Act of 22 Vict. c. 27,
exempts from the mortmain act any grant or conveyance

(e) Way v . East, 2.Drew . 44,
(f) Fisher v . Brierley, 1 De G. F.
& J. 643.
(g) 24 Vict. c. 9; and see the
Amendment Act, 26 & 27 Vict. c.
106.
(h) 25 & 26 Vict. c. 17; 27 & 28
Vict. c. 13.
(i) 29 & 30 Vict. c. 57.
(k) 35 & 36 Vict. c. 24, s. 13.
131