*476
[CH. XVIII . S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.
would be bound, for the necessity of his paying the money
immediately to the legatees would not, if they were of age,
prevent the completion of the sale, and therefore there is
no reason why the purchaser should be exempted from seeing to the application.
Cestui que trust abroad.- Again, suppose a trust for sale,
with a direction to distribute the proceeds between A., B.,
and C. , and that, after the date of the instrument, C. quits
the country or cannot be found. According to the first principle, as the absence of C. was not an event in the contemplation of the settlor, and no inference can be drawn that he
meant the trustees to sign receipts, it follows that the sale is
rendered impossible, and the contradiction arises, that the
settlor having in express terms directed a sale, and it being
admitted that the will of the settlor is authoritative,yet the
execution of that intention is intercepted by the construction
of equity.
"It were difficult," says Lord St. Leonards, " to
maintain that the absence of a cestui que trust in a foreign
country should, in a case of this nature, impede the sale of
the estate " (a), and yet to such a result the rule in question,
if there be no exception to it, would apparently lead.
But
according to the other principle suggested, no such obstacle
arises .
The receipts of the trustees would then primâ facie
be discharges, as necessary to the execution of the sale ; and
as C. is not at hand, the purchaser in respect of C.'s share in
the purchase-money could not be called upon to observe a
rule which would interpose a bar to the accomplishment of
the expressed purpose of the settlor (b) .
[29. If a person is interested in property in several capacities, and in one of such capacities can give a valid discharge
for the purchase-money on the sale of the property, a purchaser who has no notice of an intended misapplication by
such person of the purchase-money will be discharged by his
receipt (c) , and it is immaterial that the conveyance does not
(a) Sugd. Vend. & Purch. 844,
11th ed.; and see Forbes v. Peacock,
12 Sim. 544 ; Ford v. Ryan, 4 Ir. Ch .
Rep. 342.
(b) Receipts of trustees are now
in most cases made
sufficient discharges by Act of Parliament, see
ante, pp. 451, 452.
(c) Corser v. Cartwright, 7 L. R.
H. L. 731 ; West of England and
South Wales District Bank v. Murch,
23 Ch . D. 138.
644