*77
[CH. VI.
VOLUNTARY SETTLEMENTS .
if he contract for the sale, cannot himself take proceedings
to enforce specific performance (g) though the purchaser
may do so (h) , and though the settlor himself may defeat
the trust by a subsequent sale, the heir or devisee of the settlor has no such power (i) ; (and where a voluntary
[*77]
settlement is made of land *subject to an existing
mortgage, and the property is sold by the mortgagee
under his power of sale, the settlement is not thereby defeated as to the surplus proceeds of sale after satisfying the
mortgage (a) .
But chattels personal (in which respect
they differ from chattels real) (b) are not within the statute
27 Eliz . c. 4, relating to purchasers, and therefore a voluntary settlement of chattels personal cannot be defeated by
a subsequent sale (c).
But voluntary deeds may acquire
a validity by matter ex post facto, as by a sale or mortgage
by the volunteer on the footing of the voluntary deed, and
this doctrine has been extended to the disposition for valuable consideration of an equitable interest (d) .
21. 13 Eliz. c. 5.-A voluntary settlement, whether of
real or personal estate, may be defeated by the operation of
13 Eliz. c. 5, which makes void all instruments by which
creditors
" are or shall be in any way disturbed, hindered,
delayed, or defrauded," but such instruments as are made
on " good consideration and bonâ fide " are excepted.
Deeds invalid as against creditors.-Upon the construction
of this statute it has been held, that where the settlor was
(g) Johnson v. Legard, Turn. &
Russ . 294; Smith v. Garland, 2 Mer.
123; but see Hogarth v. Phillips, 4
Drew. 360 ; Peter v. Nicolls, 11 L. R.
Eq. 391.
(h) Willats v. Busby, 5 Beav. 193 ;
Daking v. Whimper, 26 Beav. 568 ;
Townend v . Toker, 1 L. R. Ch. App.
447. But he cannot file a bill to have
the voluntary deed
delivered up,
Hoghton v . Money, 35 Beav . 98 ; S. C.
1 L. R. Eq. 154.
(b) Saunders v. Dehew, 2 Vern .
272, second note.
(c) Bill v. Cureton, 2 M. & Κ.
503; M'Donell v. Hesilrige, 16 Beav.
346 ; Jones v. Croucher, 1 Sim. &
Stu. 315 (this case
cites
also the
authority of Sir W. Grant in Sloane
v. Cadogan, Append. to Sugd. Vend.
& Purch. , but the dictum does not appear); Meek v. Kettlewell, 1 Hare,
473, per Sir J. Wigram.
(d) George v. Milbanke, 9 Ves .
(i) Doe v . Rusham, 17 Q. B. 723 ;
190; and see 1 Mer. 638 ; 7 Cl. &
Lewis v. Rees , 3 K. & J. 132.
Fin. 463 .
[(a) Re Walhampton Estate, 26
Ch . D. 391.]