CH. VI.

WHEN A TRUST IS PERFECTLY CREATED.
*72
sent to the trustee another letter enclosing the former letter and three of the policies (the other three being in the possession of a mortgagee), and stating that "the enclosed was the formal letter of assignment previous to a deed, and as binding," but no notice of the letters was ever given to the offices, no formal settlement was ever executed, and no second trustee was named ; it was held by V. C. Hall, that a complete assignment of the policies had been made, and that the settlement of the policies was binding and effectual (e) .
It may be doubted whether this case was rightly decided, inasmuch as the execution by the settlor of a further instrument was contemplated, and in fact necessary, in order to carry out his intention ; but no new principle was intended to be introduced, and the Vice-Chancellor treated the case as falling within Fortescue v. Burnett and Pearson v. Amicable Assurance Office.

* If a settlor assign all his personal estate with a
[*72]
power of attorney, the deed, being perfect and all that was intended, will pass a promissory note, notwithstanding the want of indorsement, which is required for giving it currency (a) .

8. If the subject of the settlement be partly incapable of legal transfer, and partly capable, and that part which is
capable of transfer is not transferred.
In this case all has
not been done that might have been done, and no trust is
created.
Thus where there was a mortgage in fee and the
mortgagee assigned the debt with a power of attorney, but
did not convey the mortgaged lands, though they were
legally transferable, it was held that the settlement was
incomplete (b) .

9. 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.-By a recent Act, 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66, s. 25, sub-sect. 6, " any absolute assignment by writing under the hand of the assignor (not purporting to be by way of charge only) (c), of any debt or other legal chose in action, shall have effect as against all persons except the assignor and his creditors" (d).

(e) Re King, 14 Ch. D. 179.
(a) Richardson v. Richardson, 3
L. R. Eq. 686.
But see Richards v.
Delbridge, 18 L. R. Eq. 11 .
(b) Woodfordv. Charnley,28Beav.

(c) As to what amounts to such an assignment, see National Provincial Bank ข. Harle, 6 Q. B. D. 626 ;
Burlinson v. Hall, 12 Q. B. D. 347.
(d)