CH. VI .

*80

VOLUNTARY SETTLEMENTS .
the want of consideration and the indebtedness of the party,
the settlement is deemed fraudulent only as against those
creditors who were such at the date of the settlement (c) ;
and if those creditors have since been satisfied, the intention
of defrauding them is rebutted (d).
But when the deed has
once been set aside as fraudulent against a creditor who was
such at the time, other subsequent creditors are allowed to
come in pro rata (e) : and as subsequent creditors have this
equity, they may themselves, though this was formerly
doubted (f) , institute proceedings to set aside the deed, so
long as any debt incurred at the date of the deed remains
unsatisfied (g) ; and where the subsequent creditor proves
such a debt to be still in existence, but does not show the
insolvency or substantial indebtedness of the settlor at the
date of the deed, the Court in its discretion may direct an
inquiry (h) .
[The mere abstaining from suing for a period less than
that required to raise a bar under the Statute of Limitations,
as for ten years, will not prevent the creditors from setting
aside the deed (i) .]
24. Whether settlements of stock, &c., within 13 Eliz. c. 5.
-It was formerly held that settlements of stock, policies of
insurance, &c., which were not liable to be taken in execu-
tion at the suit of a creditor, were exempt from the
operation of the Act, and therefore that settle[*80]
317; Freeman v. Pope, 9 L. R. Eq.
206; 5 L. R. Ch. App . 538.
(c) Kidney v. Ceussmaker, 12 Ves .
136; Montague v. Sandwich, cited ib.;
White v. Sanson, 3 Atk. 410; Lush
v. Wilkinson, 5 Ves. 384; Townsend
v. Westacott, 2 Beav. 340; 4 Beav.
58; and see Whittington v. Jennings,
6 Sim. 493 ; Spirett v. Willows, 3 De
G. J. & S. 293 .
(d) See Jenkins v. Vaughan, 3
Drew. 425 ; Richardson v. Smallwood,
Jac. 557.
(e) Richardson v. Smallwood, Jac.
558; Montague v. Sandwich, cited
12 Ves . 156, note (a) ; Jenkyn v.
Vaughan, 3 Drew. 424; Taylor v.
Jones, 2 Atk. 200.
(f) See Ede v. Knowles, 2 Y. & C.
C. C. 178.
(g) Jenkyn v. Vaughan, 3 Drew.
419; Freeman v. Pope, 9 L. R. Eq.
206; 5 L. R. Ch. App. 538 ; and see
Lush v. Wilkinson, 5 Ves . 387 ; Richardson v . Smallwood, Jac. 552.
(h) Richardson v. Smallwood, Jac.
557; Jenkyn v. Vaughan, 3 Drew .
427; Townsend v. Westacott, 2 Beav.
345; Skarf v. Soulby, 1 Mac . & G.
364; Christy v. Courtenay, 13 Beav.
101.
[(i) The Three Towns Banking
Company
v.
Maddever, 52
L.
J.
N
S. Ch . 733 ;
affirmed W. N.
1884, p. 178.]