*56
STATUTE OF FRAUDS.— FORMALITIES.
[CH. V. S. 2 .
2. As by a letter, recital, &c.-The statute will be satisfied, if the trust can be manifested and proved by any subsequent acknowledgment by the trustee, as by an express
declaration by him (f) , or any memorandum to that effect (g) , or by a letter under his hand (h) , by his
[*56]
answer in * Chancery (a), or by an affidavit (b), or
by a recital in a bond (c), or deed (d), &c.; and the
(f) Ambrose v. Ambrose, 1 P. W.
321 ; Crop v . Norton, 9 Mod. 233.
(g) Bellamy v. Burrow, Cas . t.
Talb . 98; and see Re Bennett's Settlement Trusts, 17 L. T. N. S. 438; 16
W. R. 331.
(h) Forster v. Hale, 3 Ves . 696;
S. C. 5 Ves . 308 ; Morton v. Tewart,
2 Y. & C.
Ch . Ca. 67 ; Bentley v.
Mackay, 15 Beav. 12;
Childers v.
Childers, 1 De G. & J. 482 ; Smith v.
Wilkinson, cited 3 Ves. 705 ; O'Hara
v. O'Neill, 7 B. P. C. 227 ; and see
Gardner v. Rowe, 2 S. & . S. 354.
(a) Hampton v. Spencer, 2 Vern .
288; Nab v . Nab, 10 Mod. 404; Cottington v. Fletcher, 2 Atk. 155 ; Ryall
v. Ryall, 1 Atk. 59, per Lord Hardwicke; Wilson v. Dent, 3 Sim. 385.
Abill differed from an answer, as it
was not signed by the party.
See,
however, Butler v. Portarlington, 1
Conn. & Laws. 1.
1. (b) Barkworth v. Young, 4 Drew.
(c) Moorcroft v. Dowding, 2 P.
W. 314.
(d) Deg v . Deg, 2 P. W. 412.
16 Chy. 642 ; Brown v. Copron, 24 Chy. 91.
The testimony of a single witness has been held insufficient.
Miller v. Thatcher, 9 Tex. 482; 60 Am. Dec.
172; Johnson v . Deloney, 35 Tex. 48.
For the distinction between an unconditional deed of trust and one in the nature of a mortgage, see Koch v. Briggs,
14 Cal. 256; 73 Am. Dec. 651 ; Hoffman v. Mackall, 5 Ohio St. 124; 64 Am.
Dec. 637; determined by the intention of the parties, Reece v. Allen, 5 Gilm.
236; 48 Am. Dec. 336.
Parol is admissible to show the purpose of an instrument.
Morris v. Budlong, 78 N. Y. 553.
One holding security for debt is only
mortgagee.
Beatty v. Brummett, 94 Ind. 79.
It may be shown that a deed
of trust is fraudulent.
Ashley v. Robinson, 29 Ala. 112 ; 65 Am. Dec. 387 .
InMinnesota trusts by parol are very strictly barred by statute, but if partly
executed the court will decree specific performance.
Wentworth v. Wentworth, 2 Minn. 277 ; 72 Am. Dec. 97 ; Catlin v. Fletcher, 9 Minn. 88.
In the
province of Ontario any subsequent acknowledgment in writing, declaring
the trust, will be sufficient, and it will relate back to the creation of the trust.
Harper v. Patterson, 14 C. P. 538.
Bill did not allege any writing evidencing
the trust, but was taken pro confesso ; as the facts were not denied, the defendant was declared a trustee.
McNabb v. Nicholl, 3 L. J. N. S. 21.
An
attorney took a conveyance in trust for a client, but did not sign any writing
as to it; afterwards he made an oral agreement to accept the property in
payment of two notes, which was binding on him.
Fleming v. Duncan, 17
Chy. 76.
Trust might be shown by parol where the Statute of Frauds was
not set up in the answer.
Shaw v. Shaw, 17 Chy. 282.
Trust agreement may
be shown by parol .
Williams v. Jenkins, 18 Chy. 536.
Statute may set up,
though not specially pleaded.
Wilde v. Wilde, 20 Chy. 521.
Notwithstanding the statute, the plaintiff could enforce an agreement to attend a sale, and
as an agent, buy for him.
Ross v. Scott, 22 Chy. 29 ; see McManus v. McManus, 24 Chy. 118.
70