*354
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
it was held that the loss must fall on the trustee, and was
not to be borne by the trust estate, so as to fall upon the
cestui que trust (b) .
32. Cestui que trust abroad.-A cestui que trust is often
abroad, and then the trustee cannot be sure that at the time
of payment under the power of attorney the cestui que trust
is alive, and if he were dead the power of attorney would
be at an end (c) .
If, however, the cestui que trust give to
the trustee a written direction by deed or otherwise
[*354] to pay *money to a particular person, any payment
made under such written direction, until it is revoked,
and the revocation comes to the knowledge of the trustee,
would be binding on the cestui que trust's executors (a) . A
convenient course in cases of this kind is to transmit the
money to a Bank abroad, making it payable to the order of
the cestui que trust ; but where the cestui que trust is unable
to receive his money in person, his direction had better be
asked as to the particular mode of remittance to be adopted.
Now, by Lord St. Leonards' Act, 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 26,
a trustee paying under a power of attorney is expressly
exempted from liability, notwithstanding the death of [or
avoidance of the power by
the person who gave the power
of attorney, provided the trustee did not know of such death
(b) Bostock v. Floyer, 1 L. R. Eq.
26; 35 Beav. 603.
[" The ratio decidendi of the case was this, that it was
not the ordinary course of business
to place money in the hands of a
solicitor
to invest.
It was
not a
specific investment, it was handed to
the solicitor, and in that point of view
the case is intelligibleenough upon the
ground that it was not right for the
trustee to hand over the money to
the solicitor for the purpose of investment," per L. J. Lindley, Re Speight,
22 Ch . D. 727, 761 ;] and see Hopgood v . Parkin, 11 L. R. Eq. 75;
Sutton v. Wilders, 12 L. R. Eq. 373.
[(c) Now by the Conveyancing
Act, 1882 (45 & 46 Vict. c. 39) , s. 8,
a power of attorney given for valuable consideration since the 31st December, 1882, and expressed to be
irrevocable is not, in favour of a purchaser, revoked by anything done by
the donor of the power without the
concurrence of the donee, or by the
death, marriage, lunacy, unsoundness
of mind or bankruptcy of the donor;
and by s. 9 a power of attorney
whether
for valuable consideration
ornot given since the 31st December,
1882, and expressed to be irrevocable
for a fixed time not exceeding one
year from the date of the instrument,
is not, infavour of a purchaser, during
the fixed time, revoked by any similar act or occurrence.]
(a) See Vance v. Vance, 1 Beav.
605 ; Harrison v. Asher, 2 De G. & .
Sm. 436; Kiddill v. Farnell, 3 Sm. &
G. 428.
488