*604
[CH . XXIII . S. 2 .
CONSTRUCTION OF POWERS .
tor but also of the trustee, will not, it is said, be so considered for the purposes of the power (f) ; for a matter of personal confidence is not to be extended beyond the express
words and clear intention of the settlor ; and in this case,
the settlor may have meant the power to be exercised exclusively by the executors, whom the trustee had himself named,
and not by a person who is executor of the trustee
[*604] * by operation of law only.
This, however, is a
narrow construction, and the liberality of modern
times may not improbably hold that, if a power be given
to executors, the settlor must be taken to have contemplated generally every one whom the law invests with that
character.
6. Power to " executors " " trustees."
A power limited to
" executors " or " sons in law " may be exercised by the survivors so long as the plural number remains (a), and if a
power be limited to a number of " trustees," we may reasonably conclude that, whether they have any estate or not i.e. whether the power be an adjunct to the trust or collateral
to it, it may be exercised by the surviving trustees. And a
power given to " executors " will, if annexed to the executorship, be continued to the single survivor (b) ; and so a
power given to " trustees " will, as annexed to the estate and
office, be exercisable by the single survivor (c) ; but it cannot
be exercised by one trustee in the lifetime of the other who
has not effectually disclaimed (d).
And it has been said
that if a power to vary the rights of parties be communicated to the " trustees for the time being," it cannot be exercised by a single trustee (e) .
And where there was a trust
for sale, but no sale was to be made without the consent of
the testator's sons and daughters, and he left seven sons and
daughters, and one died, it was held that a sale with the
(f) See Cole r. Wade, 16 Ves. 44;
Stile v. Tomson, Dyer, 210, a ; Perk .
sect. 552 ; Moore, 61, pl. 172 ; Sugd.
Powers, 129, 8th edit.
(a) Sugd. Powers, 128, 8th edit.
(b) Sugd. Powers, 128, 8th edit ;
Houell
v. Barnes ,
Cro .
Car.
382;
Brassey v . Chalmers, 4 De G. M. &
G. 528, reversing the decision of the
Master of the Rolls, 16 Beav. 231 .
(c) Lane v. Debenham, 11 Hare,
(d) Lancashire v. Lancashire, 2
Ph. 664.
(e) Lancashire r. Lancashire, 2
Ph. 664.
816