CH. XIV. S. 3.

DIRECTION TO ACCUMULATE .

*301

be in a condition to invest the personal estate, and gives the
tenant for life the interest from that time (a) .
Devise of real estate upon trust to sell and invest proceeds
and rents until sale.-And, conversely, if a testator devise
his real estate to be sold and the produce thereof, and also
the rents and profits of the said estate in the meantime, to be
laid out in Bank Annuities or other securities, upon trust, for
A. for life, with remainders over, the accumulation of the
rents is not extended beyond one year from the testator's
death, but the tenant for life is entitled to them from that
period (b) .
10. Produce during first year from testator's death .- From
the language used by Lord Eldon, in the case of Sitwell v.
Bernard (c) , (in which the rule, that the accumulation, where
expressly directed, extends only to one year from the testator's
death, was first established,) an impression prevailed that in
no case was the tenant for life entitled to the income during
the first year of the fund or land directed to be converted,
and both Sir John Leach (d), and Sir Thomas Plumer (e) ,
sanctioned this doctrine by their authority.
However, Lord
Eldon had no intention of laying down any such rule (f) ,
and it has since been settled that where there is no express
direction to accumulate, the tenant for life has an interest in
the first year's income (g), but an interest varying according
to the circumstances of the case, as will appear from the following distinctions .
(a) Income of property applied in paying legacies.- The
tenant for life of a residue is not entitled to the income
accruing during the delay allowed for the payment of legacies
(a) Sitwell v. Bernard, 6 Ves . 520 ;
Entwistle
v.
Markland,
Stuart υ.
Bruere, cited Ib. 528, 529 ; Griffith v .
Morrison, cited 1 J. & W. 311 ; Tucker
v . Boswell, 5 Beav. 607 ; Kilvington
v. Gray, 2 S. & S. 396 ; Parry v. Warrington, 6 Mac. 155 ; Stair v. Macgill,,
1 Bligh, N. S. 662.
(b) Noel v. Lord Henley, 7 Price ,
251; Vickers v. Scott, 3 M. & Κ. 500;
and see Vigor v. Harwood, 12 Sim .
172; Greisley v. Earl of Chesterfield,
13 Beav . 288; Beanland v. Halliwell,
1 C. P. Cooper, t. Cottenham, 169,
note (a).
161.
(c) 6 Ves. 520.
(d) Stott v . Hollingworth, 3 Mad.
(e) Taylor v. Hibbert, 1 J. & W.
308.
(f) See Angerstein v . Martin , T.
& R. 238 ; Hewitt v. Morris, Ib. 244.
(g) Macpherson v. Macpherson, 16
Jur. 847.
417