*141
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
time (6), he will be a trustee of such lands to the extent of
the charge. And even if a person engages on his marriage
to settle all the personal estate that he may acquire during
the coverture, the trusts upon which it is so agreed the personalty shall be settled will fasten upon the property as it
falls into possession ; and if the money has been laid out in
a purchase, it may be followed into the land(c). But if a
person covenant to settle such property as he shall die seised
of, he may dispose of his property as he pleases in his lifetime, and the covenant will affect only such property as he
may leave after payment of his just debts (d) ; and if a person covenant to secure an annuity, either by a charge on
freeholds, or by investment in the funds, or by the best
means in his power, it will not create a charge on the covenantor's property generally (e) .
20. Contract for sale.-Again, if a person contract to sell
another an estate, the vendor has impliedly declared himself
a trustee in fee for the purchaser, and is accountable to him
for the rents and profits (f) ; and if the tenants have been
allowed improperly to run in arrear (g), or there has been
unhusbandlike farming (h) , or any other injury done, either
by the wilful waste or neglect of the vendor (i), he
is
answerable to the purchaser as for a breach of trust.
On
the other hand, if any damage arise to the estate, not by
& C. 561.
As to the proper construction of the particular covenant in that
case, see Countess of Mornington v.
Keane, 2 De G. & J. 293.
(b) Lyster v. Burroughs, 1 Drury
& Walsh, 149 ; Stack v . Royse, 12 Ir.
Ch . Rep . 246 ; [Cleary v. Fitzgerald,
7 L. R. Ir . 229.]
(c) Lewis v. Madocks, 8 Ves . 150 ;
S. C. 17 Ves . 48 ;
[Galavan v. Dunne,
7 L. R. Ir. 144.
But in case of the
settlor's bankruptcy, see 46 & 47 Vict.
c. 52, s. 47 ; Ex parte Bolland, 17 L.
R. Eq. 115.]
(d) Rowanv. Chute, 13 Ir. Ch . Rep.
168 ; Re M'Kenna, ib. 239 ; Nayler v.
Wetherall,12 Jan. 1831 ; affirmed 23
Jan. 1833 (MS.) ; where the covenant
was to settle all the real and personal
estate which he should be seised or
possessed of at the time of his death,
and it was declared that the covenant
bound all the real and personal estate
which he had power to dispose of by
will.
(e) Countess
of Mornington v.
Keane, 2 De G. & J. 292; and see
Stock
v. Moyse, 12 Ir. Ch . Rep.
246.
(f) See Acland
v.
Gaisford, 2
Mad. 32; Wilson v. Clapham, 1 J.
& W. 38 .
(g) Acland v. Gaisford, 2 Mad.
28.
(h) Ferguson v. Tadman, 1 Sim .
530; Foster v. Deacon, 3 Mad. 394.
(i) Wilson v. Clapham, 1 J. & W.
39.