*276
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.

[CH. XIII.]

Not entitled to the game on the trust estate where it can be
let.- It was upon this principle that Lord Eldon once
directed an inquiry, whether the liberty of sporting over the
trust estate could be let for the benefit of the cestuis que
trust, and, if not, he thought the game should belong to the
heir ; the trustee might appoint a gamekeeper, if necessary,
for the preservation of the game, but not to keep up a mere
establishment of pleasure (d) .

2. Nor to a right of presentation.- So, if an advowson be
devised to trustees, and the next presentation cannot be
made productive to the trust estate, the right of presentation
does not belong to the trustee, but must be exercised by him
for the benefit of the heir-at-law, or of the cestuis que trust,
according to circumstances.

Thus, where an advowson was
devised to trustees upon trust during the life of A., to apply
the rents and profits in the purchase of an estate to be settled to certain uses upon the death of A., it was decided that
the right of presentation (should any vacancy occur) during
A.'s life, would, as undisposed of, belong to the heir[*276] at-law (e) ; and, in a later case, where there was a
devise to trustees during the life of A. to apply the
rents and profits in payment of debts, it was held that the
right of next presentation during the life of A. was a profit,
and ought to be sold for the benefit of the creditors (a) .

If
a testator devise an advowson to trustees for sale, the proceeds to be divided amongst certain persons, and a presentation falls, though the heir is absolutely disinherited, the
trustees have not the nomination, but it belongs to the cestuis
(d) Webb v. Earl of Shaftesbury,
7 Ves . 480, see 488 ; and see Hutchinson v. Morritt, 3 Y. & C. 547.

(e) Sherrard v. Harborough, Amb.
165; and see Martin v. Martin, 12
Sim. 579 ; Gubbins v. Creed, 2 Sch .
& Lef. 218 ; Re Shrewsbury School,
1 M. & Cr. 647 .

(a) Cooke υ.
Cholmondeley,
3
Drew. 1.

The trustee is liable for the losses , and can
receive none of the profits if he uses the trust fund in trade or speculation,
so that his temptation to risk trust funds is reduced to a minimum; Penman v. Slocum, 41 N. Y. 53 ; Durling v. Hammar, 5 C. E. Green, 220 ; Brown
v. Rickets, 4 Johns . Ch. 303; and he must render a true account of all gains ;
Van Epps v. Van Epps, 9 Paige, 237 ; Richardson v. Spencer, 18 B. Mon. 450 ;
the same rule holds true as between parties ; Jones v. Dexter, 130 Mass . 380.