CH. VII. S. 1.

TRUSTS FOR ACCUMULATION .

The words "or devisor, or other person or persons," authorize a grantor, settlor, or devisor to provide for the debts of any stranger whomsoever (d); and the exception in the statute extends to liabilities of a testator though no debt had actually accrued at the time of his death (e).

By children must, of course, be understood exclusively legitimate children (f) .

And the accumulation to be protected by the clause must be a provision for raising portions out of the corpus, not an accumulation of the corpus itself, for the purpose of making a gift of the aggregate fund (g), and must be a provision for children certain, and not a chance limitation in favour of any child that may happen to survive certain persons not necessarily standing in the relation of parent and child, but uncles or aunts, &c. (h).

By "taking an interest under the devise" is meant a substantial interest.

A small annuity, for instance, to the parent, would not justify an accumulation of the residue of the rents beyond the limits of the Act for raising portions for the children (i) ; and it was once considered that it was necessary that an interest should be taken not merely under the will generally, but under the particular gift, devise or bequest, which contained the provision for accumulation (k) ; but this view has been since overruled, so that now, if the person take a substantial interest in any property, under the will, it is sufficient (l).

(d) See Barrington v. Liddell, 2 De G. M. & G. 497; 10 Hare, 415.

(e) Varlo v. Faden, 27 Beav. 255.

(f) Shaw v. Rhodes, 1 M. & Cr. 135, see 159.

(g) Eyre v. Marsden, 2 Keen, 564; Bourne v. Buckton, 2 Sim. N. S. 91; Edwards v. Tuck, 3 De G. M. & G. 40; Jones v. Maggs, 9 Hare, 605; Wildes v. Davies, 1 Sm. & Gif. 475; Watt v. Wood, 2 Drew & Sm. 56; and see Beach v. St. Vincent, 3 De Gex & Smale, 678. In Burt v. Sturt, 10 Hare, 427, this was said to be "a shadowy distinction."

(h) Burt v. Sturt, 10 Hare, 415.

(i) Shaw v. Rhodes, 1 M. & Cr. 159; and see Bourne v. Buckton, 2 Sim. N. S. 91; but see Evans v. Hellier, 5 Cl. & Fin. 127; Barrington v. Liddell, 2 De G. M. & G. 500; Edwards v. Tuck, 3 De G. M. & G. 63.

(k) Bourne v. Buckton, 2 Sim. N. S. 91, see 101; Morgan v. Morgan, 4 De Gex & Smale, 164.

(l) Barrington v. Liddell, 10 Hare, 127