CH. XXIII . S. 2.

*614

CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS .
in the place of the trustees (d).
So where the trustees had
a power of sale, " if they should consider it advisable, but
not otherwise," it was held that the power, though discretionary in form, was given to the trustees for the purposes
of the will, and if those purposes could not be effected without the exercise of the power, they were bound to exercise it (e) .
* 3 . Where trustees are required to do an act. [*614]
The Court will not in general control the discretion of trustees in reference to the adoption of any particular species of investment (a).
But where trustees were
" authorized and required," with the consent and direction
of the tenant for life, to invest in leaseholds, the clause
was held to be imperative upon the tenant for life's demand, and the trustees were not even allowed to say that
the leaseholds would impose personal liabilities upon themselves, for by being parties to the settlement they had
engaged to do it (b) .
But where the trustees were required to lend money to the husband on his bond, and
he took the benefit of the Insolvent Debtors Act, it was
held that, under such altered circumstances, the trustees
were justified in refusing a loan to the husband (c) ; and
where a variation of securities was to be with the consent
of the tenant for life, and the fund was in danger, the
Court called in the fund, though the consent of the tenant
for life was refused (d) .
[4. Maintenance of lunatic.-Where property was held
upon trust to pay the income in such a way, at such time,
and in such manner, as the trustees should think fit towards
the maintenance of a lunatic during her life, with power to
invest any surplus not required for the purpose as capital,
it was held that the trustees had no such discretion as would
oust the jurisdiction of the Court, to apply the income in the
(d) Tempest v. Lord Camoys, 21
Ch . D. 576, note.
(e) Nickisson v. Cockill, 3 De G.
J. & S. 622; 2 New Rep. 557.
(a) Lee v. Young, 2 Y. & C. С. С.
(b) Beauclerk v. Ashburnham, 8
Beav . 322 ; Cadogan v. Earl of Essex,
2 Drew. 227 .
617.
532.
172.
(c) Boss v. Godsall, 1 Y. & C. С. С.
(d) Costello v. O'Rorke, 3 I. R. Eq.
829