*407
[CH. XVII. S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
ademption (f), but the rule applies also to satisfaction (g) .
In the case of a debt (as distinct from a portion) said Lord
Cottenham, small circumstances of difference between the
debt and the legacy are held to negative the presumption of satisfaction (h), but in the * case of portions small circumstances are disregarded.
Thus it
is, that a smaller legacy is not held to be in satisfaction of
part of a larger debt, but it may be satisfaction pro tanto of
a portion (a) .
However, the differences in the limitations
may be so great as to negative the presumption of satisfaction in case even of portions (b).
If a father covenant on
the marriage of his daughter to pay a sum by way of portion,
and then by his will bequeaths to her a share of his residuary estate, but by the same will gives directions for payment
of his debts, the presumption of satisfaction is negatived by
the direction for payment of debts, and then the portion is
raised as a debt, while the daughter is also allowed to claim
a share of the residue (c) .
But if a testator direct payment
of his debts and gives a share of his residuary estate to a
daughter and then makes an advance to her upon her marriage, the presumption of ademption is not negatived by the
direction for payment of debts in the previous will (d) .
Where a father is a debtor, not morally, but actually to his
υ.
(f) Earl of Durham v. Wharton,
3 Cl. & Fin. 146 ; 3 M. & Κ. 472; 5
Sim. 297 ; Twisden v. Twisden, 9 Ves.
427, per Lord Eldon ; Trimmer
Bayne, 7 Ves. 515, per Lord Eldon;
cited with
approbation, Powys
v.
Mansfield, 6 Sim .
561 ; Powys
v.
Mansfield, 3 M. & Cr. 374, per Lord
Cottenham; Weall v. Rice, 2 R. & M.
251;
Platt v.
Platt, 3 Sim . 503 ;
Monck v. Lord Monck, 1 B. & Β. 304,
per Cur.; Lloyd v. Harvey, 2 R. & M.
310; Sheffield v . Coventry, 2 R. & M.
317; Hartopp v. Hartopp, 17 Ves .
184; Stevenson v. Masson, 17 L. R.
Eq. 78 ;
[Edgeworth v. Johnston, 11
I. R. Eq. 326.]
(g) Clark v . Sewell, 3 Atk. 98, per
Lord Hardwicke; Thynne v. Glengall, 2 H. L. Ca. 131 ; Campbell v.
Campbell, 1L. R. Eq. 383 ; Sparkes
v. Cator, 3 Ves. 530; Russell v. St.
Aubyn, 2 Ch. D. 398 ; Romaine v.
Onslow, 24 W. R. 899 ;
[Mayd v.
Field, 3 Ch . D. 587 ; ] and see Hartopp
v. Hartopp, 17 Ves. 191.
[(h) See also Re Dowse, 50 L. J.
N. S. Ch. 285.]
(a) Thynne v. Glengall, 2 H. L.
Ca. 131.
(b) Coventry v. Chichester, 2 De
G. J. & S. 336 ; 2 L. R. H. L. 71 ; 2
H. & M. 149; [Tussaud v . Tussaud,
9 Ch . D. 363.]
(c) Chichester v. Coventry, 2 L. R.
H. L. 71; 2 De G. J. & S. 336; 2 H.
& M. 149; Lethbridge v. Thurlow, 15
Beav. 334; Paget v. Grenfell, 6 L. R.
Eq. 7; Alleyn v. Alleyn, 2 Ves. sen.
37.
(d) Dawson v. Dawson,4 L. R. Eq.
504.
554