CH. XIV. S. 2.]
CUSTODY OF THE TRUST PROPERTY.

*297

was reversed on appeal by the Lord Chancellor (g) ; and this
reversal was afterwards affirmed on the final appeal by the
House of Lords (h) .

7. Whether executors may place money in bank payable to
either of the co-executors.
In a case before Sir A. Hart,
in Ireland, an executor was held to be justified, though he
had placed the assets in a bank so as to be under the control
of the co-executor.
The money was entered in the books to
the joint account of the co-executors, but the bank was
in the habit of answering the cheques of either

* co-executor singly.

" It is the custom of bankers," [*297]
said Lord Chancellor Hart, " that what is deposited
by one to the joint account may be withdrawn by the cheque
of the other ; and for convenience of business, it is necessary
this risk should be incurred, for it would be very hard to
transact business if every cheque should be signed by all the
executors " (a).
However, his Lordship admitted that " if
there were any fraud or collusion, wilful default or gross
neglect, or if the executor had any reason to put a stop to
the mismanagement by the co-executor, the case would be
altered " (b) .
But even with this qualification the doctrine
is so contrary to the principle of other cases that no trustee
or executor could be advised to rely upon it in practice(c).

8. Trustee responsible for bank if he ought not to have
placed the money there.
The trustee will also be answerable
for the failure of the bank, if he deposited the money there
for safe custody, when it was his clear duty to have invested
it in the funds for improvement (d), or if he left it there
when he ought to have paid it to new trustees duly appointed (e), or into Court (f) ; or if when the purposes of

(g) 2 R. & M. 215.
(h) Id. 220.
See the argument of
Lord Brougham stated from MS . in
3d Edition , p . 335.
(a) Kilbee v . Sneyd, 2 Moll. 186 ,
see 200, 213.
(b) Id. 203, 213.
(c) See Clough v. Dixon, 8 Sim.
594; 3 M. & Cr. 490 ; Gibbins v . Taylor, 22 Beav. 344 ; Ingle v . Partridge,
32 Beav. 661; 34 Beav. 411.
(d) Moyle v. Moyle, 2 R. & M.
710; Sir W. P. Wood in Johnson v.
Newton , 11 Hare, 169, called it a very
strong case, and hard upon the executors .
(e) Lunham v. Blundell, 4 Jur. N.
S. 3 .
(f) Wilkinson v. Berwick, 4 Jur.
N. S. 1010.