CH. VII . S. 1.

"Chiefest and discreetest."-In a case, where the election was given to "the inhabitants and parishioners, or the major part of the chiefest and discreetest of them," it was held that by chiefest, was to be understood those who paid the church and poor rates, and by discreetest, those who had attained the age of twenty-one (d) ; but Lord Hardwicke said, that, even where "parishioners and inhabitants" stood without any restriction at all, it was a reasonable limitation to confine the meaning to those who paid scot and lot, that is, who paid to church and poor (e) ; and so, in a previous case, it seems his Lordship had actually determined (f).

The Court of Exchequer adopted a similar construction in the Clerkenwell Case (g), though it does not appear how far the Court was guided in its judgment by the evidence of the common usage (h) ; and Lord Eldon, in a subsequent case, restricted the election to the same class (i), but his Lordship's decree was possibly founded on the circumstance, that those only who paid scot and lot were admitted to the vestry (k) ; not that, for the purposes of election, the vestry is the representative of the parish (l), but in one of the oldest documents the trust was said to be for "the parishioners of the said parish at a vestry or vestries to be from time to time holden for the said parish" (m). But where the instrument creating the trust contains merely the words "parishioners and inhabitants," the Court will not confine the privilege of voting to those paying scot and lot, if it appears from constant usage that the terms are to be taken in a wider and more extensive signification, to include, for instance, all housekeepers, whether paying to the church and poor or not (a).

(d) Fearon v. Webb, 14 Ves. 13.
(e) Attorney-General v. Parker, 3 Atk. 557; S.C. 1 Ves. 43.
(f) Attorney-General v. Davy, cited ib.; S.C. 2 Atk. 213.
(g) Attorney-General v. Rutter, stated 2 Russ. 101, note.
(h) See Attorney-General v. Forster, 10 Ves. 345.
(i) Edenborough v. Archbishop of Canterbury, 2 Russ. 93.
(k) See ib. 110.
(l) Attorney-General v. Parker, 3 Atk. 578, per Lord Hardwicke; Attorney-General v. Forster, 10 Ves. 340, 344, per Lord Eldon.
(m) See Edenborough v. Archbishop of Canterbury, 2 Russ. 94.
(a) Attorney-General v. Parker, 3 Atk. 576;
S.C. 1 Ves. 43.