*156
[CH. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
Charity legacies.-There has been much discussion in the
Courts how far the rule establishing a distinction between a
charge upon and exception from a devise is applicable to a
charity legacy.
The question is one of difficulty, and before stating the apparent result of the cases, it may be useful
to premise a few words as to the principle.
Difference between exception from a devise, and charge upon
a devise.
If a testator had, before the late Wills Act, devised an estate, worth 10,000l., to trustees in trust to sell,
and out of the proceeds to pay 1000l. to A., and had given
all the residue of his real estate to B., and A. had died in the
testator's lifetime, the lapse would have enured to the benefit not of the devisee, but of the heir-at-law; the reason was,
that in real estate the word "residue" had not the same
meaning as in personal estate, but each devise was
considered a specific one, and the 1000l. and the
9000l. were distinct fractions of the estate, so that if
either failed in event, the undisposed of interest resulted to
the heir-at-law.
If, however, a testator had devised an estate to A. and his heirs charged with a legacy of 1000l. to
B., and B. had died in the testator's lifetime, then A. would
have taken the estate free from the legacy : not that the
devisee was intended to take the legacy, quâ legacy, but the
testator had constituted a hæres factus to the disinherison at
all events of the heir-at-law, and as the legacy was given not
directly to the legatee, in which case it would be an exception from the devise of the estate, but had been made a
charge to be raised, so far as might be necessary, out of the
estate previously devised, the legacy, as in the event it was
not required to be raised, sunk for the benefit of the devisee .
Possible distinction in the case of a legacy to a charity.
-Now in a devise to A. and his heirs charged with a legacy
to a charity, on the one hand it may be said that in the case
of an ordinary charge the lapse of the legacy is an incident
to the bequest, which the testator may be taken to have contemplated, and he may have meant that on the occurrence of
that event the devisee should be entitled; but in the instance
of a charity, the object of the legacy exists at the testator's
death, and the event on which the money was payable has