*329
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT .
Bruce, when Vice Chancellor, appears to have entertained
similar views (b).
But an order for such a mortgage was
made by the Vice Chancellor of England (c) ; and again by
Lord Cottenham, though his Lordship's attention was called
to the case at the Rolls (d) ; and other orders have been
made since (e) .
Consent of feme covert. -Where the consent of a married
woman was required by the trust, and the husband and wife
presented a petition, with her concurrence, under the Act,
it was held that this did not fulfil the requisition of the
wife's consent to the investment ; for when the husband and
wife joined in any legal proceeding, it was not the act of
the wife ; and whenever she was to be bound, it was necessary
that she should appear separately from her husband (f) .
[But now that a married woman can sue and be sued as if
she were a feme sole, it is conceived that she may be bound
without appearing separately.]
Lord St. Leonard's Act.-By 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 32 (g),
trustees, executors, and administrators, where not expressly
forbidden by the instrument creating the trust, may invest
the trust-fund in real securities in any part of the United
Kingdom ; and investments on real securities in Ireland may
therefore now be made.
62. Securities in Scotland.- Where trustees have a power
of investing upon " real securities," it is conceived that real
securities in Scotland, where the law is wholly different,
would not fall within the description ; and though the
above-mentioned Act of 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, allows investments in real securities in any part of the United Kingdom,
yet as by the 33d section the Act is not to extend to Scotland, it would not be safe for trustees to invest in Scotch
securities, until that construction of the Act has been sanctioned by some judicial decision (h) .
(b) Re Kirkpatrick's Trusts, 15 Jur. 941.
(c) Ex parte French, 7 Sim. 510.
(d) Ex parte Pawlett, 1 Ph. 570.
(e) Re Settlement of Allies and Ux. N. R., 24 Jan. 1857, in which the
Court sanctioned a proviso that the
mortgage money should not be called
in for five years.
(f) Norris v. Wright, 14 Beav. 291.
(g) Made retrospective by 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38, s. 12 ; see ante, p. 313.
(h) See Re Miles's Will, 5 Jur. N.S. 1236.
456