*98
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
10.
Strict settlement of chattels.- Should a testator devise
his real estate in strict settlement, and then bequeath his
personal estate to such tenant in tail as should first attain
twenty-one, then, if the tenant in tail at the testator's death
be not adult, the event might not occur for a century, and
the trust would be void (b). But should a testator bequeath
his personal estate upon such trusts as would correspond
to the limitations of his real estate, with a proviso that it
should not vest absolutely in any tenant in tail unless he
attained twenty-one, the trust would be good, for as personal estate cannot descend, the testator must by a tenant in
tail have meant a tenant in tail by purchase (c) .
11. Trust for indemnity.- The question often arises in
practice whether the trust of one estate to indemnify another
estate against a perpetual outgoing be not void for perpetuity, but it has been held in Ireland that such a trust is
good, and that the Statute of Limitations does not apply to
it (d).
12.
Restriction of alienation. - Trusts cannot be created
with a proviso that the interest of the cestui que trust shall
not be alienated (e), or shall not be made subject to the claims
of creditors (f).
And if it can only be ascertained that the
ment, 10 L. R. Eq. 564 ; [Re Ridley,
11 Ch . D. 645; Herbert v. Webster,
15 Ch . D. 610 ; Cooper v. Laroche,
17 Ch . D. 368.]
(b) Gosling v . Gosling, 1 De G. J.
& S. 17, per L. C.
(c) Gosling v. Gosling, 1 De G. J.
& S. 1.
(d) Massy v. O'Dell, 10 Ir. Ch.
Rep. 1.
Graves v. Dolphin, 1 Sim. 66 ; Brandon v . Robinson, 18 Ves. 429 ; Ware
v. Cann, 10 B. & Cr. 433 ; Bradley v.
Peixoto, 3 Ves . 324; Hood v. Oglander, 34 Beav . 513 ; Re Jones's Will,
W. N. 1870, p. 14; [Hunt-Foulston v.
Furber, 3 Ch . D. 285 ; Re Wolstenholme, 29 W. R. 414; 43 L. T. N.
S. 752.]
(e) Snowdon v. Dales, 6 Sim. 524 ;
Green v . Spicer, 1 R. & M. 395;
(f) Graves v. Dolphin, Snowdon
v . Dales , Brandon v. Robinson, ubi
suprà; Bird v. Johnson, 18 Jur. 976.
1 Restraint of Alienation .-A trust may not be created in which the equitable estate is not to be alienated or charged with the debts of the cestui que
trust ; Blackstone Bank v. Davis, 21 Pick. 43 ; Daniels v. Eldredge, 125 Mass.
356 ; Sparhawk v. Cloon, 125 Mass. 263 ; that the equitable estate is susceptible of alienation, and is liable to the debts of the cestui que trust, has been
held in some cases in America; Williams v. Thorn, 70 N. Y. 270 ; McIlvaine
v. Smith, 42 Mo. 45 ; Easterly v. Keney, 36 Conn. 18 ; Tillinghast v . Bradford,
5 R. I. 205; Mebane v. Mebane, 4 Ired. Eq. 131; Smith v. Moore, 37 Ala.
327; while in others the power of alienation is not regarded as a necessary