*143
[Сн. ІХ.
RESULTING TRUSTS.
quest of the legal estate, and there is no ground for the
inference that he meant to dispose of the equitable ; and,
ward; Crutcher v. Taylor, 66 Ala. 217. A trust may result to the husband as
well as to the wife; Harden v. Darwin, 66 Ala. 55 ; Gogherty v. Bennett , 37
N. J. Eq . 87 ; if a widow purchase in her own name with estate funds a trust
results to the children ; Musham v. Musham, 87 Ill. 80; Fox v. Doherty, 30 Ia.
334; or a father with funds of his children ; Robinson v. Robinson, 22 Ia. 427 .
A trust results if the husband purchase with the savings of the wife's separate
property, but not if from an allowance made by him ; Merrill v. Smith, 37 Me.
394; Farley v . Blood, 10 Foster, 354; it is not at all necessary, however, that
any fiduciary relation should exist; Beck v. Uhrich, 13 Pa. St. 636 ; 53 Am .
Dec. 507.
Following funds .-It is sufficient if the general character of the fund can
be identified; United States v. Waterborough, Davies,154 ; Overseers v. Bank,
2 Gratt. 544 ; and they can be followed so long as definitely traceable ; Moore
v . Stinson, 144 Mass. 594 ; In re Youngs, 5 Dema. (N. Y.) 141 ; Allen v. Rassell ,
78 Ky. 105; Fast v. McPherson,98 III . 496 ; McGivney v. McGivney, 142 Mass.
156; see also Hunter v. Yarborough, 92 N. C. 68; Mason v . Commerce Bank,
16 Mo. App . 275.
If funds cannot be followed in hands of executor, legatees
have no preference ; Thompson's App. 22 Pa. St. 16.
Burden is on trustee
to show how much he added, of his own, to trust estate; Persch v. Quiggle,
57 Pa. St. 247 ; Seaman v. Cook, 14 III. 505. No trust results if one appropriate the funds of one to whom he does not stand in a fiduciary relation ;
Hawthorne v. Brown, 3 Sneed, 462. It was held that no fiduciary relation
existed in case of a clerk in a store; Campbell v. Drake, 4 Ired. 94; Pascoag
Bank v. Hunt, 3 Edw. 583; but the opposite was held in the case of a bank
clerk; Bank of America v. Pollock, 4 Edw. 215; Riehl v. Foundry Asso. 104
Ind. 70.
Personal property.- The same rules apply to personal property as to realty ;
Creed v. Bank, 1 Ohio St. 1 ; Kelley v. Jenness, 50 Me. 455; unless it be of a
perishable nature ; Bank v. Baker,8 Humph. 447 ; Guphill v. Isbell, 1 Bailey's
Law, 230; 19 Am . Dec. 675.
No trust results , if contrary to statute or public policy, in case of title in one
payment by another .- 2 Story Eq. Jur . § 1201 ; Proseus v . McIntyre, 5 Barb . 424 ;
Clos v. Boppe, 23 N. J. Eq. 270; Baldwin v. Campfield, 4 Halst. 891 ; Miller
v. Davis, 50 Mo. 572 ; a conveyance in fraud of creditors will not raise a trust
for party seeking benefit; Cutler v. Tuttle, 19 N. J. Eq. 549; nor where an
alien to avoid the law purchases in name of another; Taylor v. Benham, 5
How. 270; Hubbard v. Goodwin, 3 Leigh, 492; Leggett v. Dubois, 5 Paige, 114;
28 Am. Dec. 413; Alsworth v. Cordtz, 31 Miss. 32.
Trust must result eo instanti.- Payment or an obligation to pay must take
place at the time of purchase, and no prior or subsequent payment will be
sufficient, however clearly proven ; 2 Pom. Eq. Jun. § 1037; Brown v. Cave ,
23 S. C. 251 ; Niver v. Crane, 98 N. Y. 40; Cross's App. 97 Pa. St. 471 ; Buck
v. Pike, 11 Me. 9 ; Nixon's App . 63 Pa. St. 282; Botsford v. Burr, 2 Johns . Ch.
408; Page v. Page, 8 N. H. 187 ; White v. Carpenter, 2 Paige, 218; Jackson
v . Moore, 6 Cow. 706 ; Gee v. Gee, 2 Sneed, 395; Kendall v. Mann, 11 Allen,
15; Barnard v. Jewett, 97 Mass. 87 ; Tunnard v . Littell, 23 N. J. Eq. 264 ; Gerry
v. Stimson, 60 Me. 186 ; if two agree to purchase, and one furnishes money
and takes title, no trust results ; Fowke v. Slaughter, 3 A. K. Marsh, 56; Tebbetts v. Tilton , 31 N. H. 273; there must be an actual payment, or the equivalent; Dudley v. Bachelder, 53 Me. 403 ; Roberts v. Ware, 40 Cal. 634 ; no