*185
[Сн. Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
course can have no claim to reimbursement (e), but if he put
in the life of another, the expenses will be apportioned at
the death of the tenant for life, according to the time of his
actual enjoyment of the renewed interest (f) ; and his estate
will be a creditor on the premises for the apportionment
though the remaindermen be his own children, who resist
the claim on the ground of advancement (g) .
12. Contribution to fine by annuitants.
In the case of a
testator devising all his interest in leaseholds subject to an annuity, the question of the annuitant's contribution has been
differently regarded by different judges.
In Maxwell v .
Ashe (h), the case of a will, Sir John Strange decided that
the annuitant was not bound to contribute ; and in Moody v.
Matthews (i), where a feme sold an annuity to A. for his
life, out of tithes held by her upon lease, and covenanted to
pay the annuity, and that the tithes should continue subject
to it during the life of A., and the feme married and died,
and the husband, who took the term by survivorship, renewed at his own expense, Sir W. Grant determined that
the annuitant was not to be called upon to contribute, for
that would be to make him pay the consideration twice, and
he said the case of Maxwell v. Ashe was decisive .
On the
other hand, it was ruled by Lord Manners, in the case of a
will, that the annuitant must contribute in proportion to his
interest in the property: for though the testator had given
no direction upon this point, it was incident to this sort of
tenure (j) . At the time of this decision, his Lordship
[*185] was not aware of the * cases before Sir J. Strange
and Sir W. Grant ; but on a subsequent occasion,
when the same point again arose before him, he adhered to
the same opinion, notwithstanding those authorities, for “ all
the legatees," he said, " appear to have been equally the objects of the testator's favour.
Could it have been his intention that one of them alone should bear the expense of the
(e) Lawrence v. Maggs,1 Eden, 453.
(f) See infra.
(g) Lawrence v. Maggs, 1 Eden,
(h) Cited 7 Ves. 184.
(i) 7 Ves . 174; and see Jones v .
Kearney, 1 Conn. & Laws . 47; Thomas
v. Burne , 1 Dru. & Walsh, 657 .
(j) Winslow v. Tighe, 2Β. &Β . 195.
256