CH. XVI.

*382

CONTINGENT REMAINDERS .

6. Effect of the Fines and Recoveries Act upon trusts to
preserve contingent remainders.
The law upon the duties of
trustees to preserve contingent remainders has
recently undergone great alteration .
By the 15th section of the Fines and Recoveries Act (b) it
is declared, that every tenant in tail, whether in possession,
remainder, contingency, or otherwise, shall have power to dispose of the lands entailed for an estate in fee simple absolute ; but by the 40th and two following sections, the disposition must be by deed inrolled, and must be made with the
consent of the protector of the settlement.

7. Operation of the old law.-Under the old law
the key of the settlement was in the hands * of the [*382]
person who was the owner of the freehold in possession ; but now, by the 32d section of the Act, any settlor
entailing lands may appoint one or more persons in esse, not
exceeding three and not being aliens, to be protector or protectors of the settlement during the period therein specified,
and may perpetuate the protectorship by means of a power
of appointment of new protectors (a).
If the settlor has not
taken advantage of this permission, then, by the 22d section,
if there be subsisting under the settlement any estate for
years determinable on the dropping of a life or lives, or
any greater estate (not being an estate for years) prior to
the estate tail, the owner of such prior estate, or of the first
of such prior estates if more than one, or the person who
would have been owner had he not disposed of his interest, is
constituted the protector of the settlement.
But, by the
27th section, no dowress, bare trustee, heir, executor, or
administrator shall be protector.
However, by the 31st section, it is enacted, that, " where, under a settlement made before the passing of the Act, the person who under the old law
should have made the tenant to the præcipe, shall be a bare
trustee, such trustee during the continuance of the estate
(b) 3 & 4 Will. 4, c. 74.
[(a) Where a testatrix appointed
three persons protectors, and made
provisions for the appointment
of
other persons to be protectors in case
they should die, and the protectors
all died but no new protectors were
appointed in their place, it was held
by V. C. Malins that the tenant for
life was the protector.
Clarke v .
Chamberlin, 16 Ch . D. 176.]