*481
[CH. XVIII . S. 2 .
EXECUTORS' RECEIPTS.
Grant, " a party having a debt due to him by the executor
takes, in satisfaction of that debt, the assets which he knows
belong to the executor only in that character, undoubtedly
suspicion of fraud must always arise ; but where a man is
applied to for a loan of money there is no motive of fraud,
for he may keep his money if not satisfied with the security" (e) .
But such is the primâ facie presumption only,
for if there be legal evidence to the purchaser or mortgagee
that the immediate or future advance is not on account
of the testator's estate, but is meant to be applied to
the private purposes of the executor, the Court must regard
the transaction as fraudulent, and will not allow it to
stand (f) .
δ.
Sale of specific chattel, and notice that there are no debts.
A purchaser cannot deal with an executor for the
[*481] purchase * of a chattel specifically bequeathed, if the
purchaser have notice, (a fact, however, not easily to
be proved, and not lightly to be presumed,) that there were
no debts of the testator, or that they have since been discharged (a) .
6. Payment to executor who will probably misapply it.- If
a person owe money to a testator's estate, and be apprised
that the executor means to misapply it, he cannot safely hand
it over (b) .
s. Payment after long interval from testator's death.- If a
great length of time has elapsed since the testator's death, it
may be argued that here all debts must be presumed to be
paid, and that the executor is a trustee for the next of kin,
and that the money cannot be paid safely to any other than
the next of kin as the cestui que trust.
However, in the
absence of all mala fides the executor's receipt will in general
be sufficient.
Where there had been a lapse of sixteen years,
(e) M'Leod v . Drummond, 14 Ves .
362; and see Miles v. Durnford, 2De
G. M. & G. 641 .
(f) M'Leod v. Drummond,14Ves .
353;
S. C. reversed, 17 Ves . 152;
Scott v . Tyler, 2 Dick. 712, compare
17Ves . 166 ; and seeKeane v. Robarts,
4 Mad. 358 .
(a) Ewer v. Corbet, 2 P. W. 149,
per Sir J. Jekyll; and see M'Mullen
v. O'Reilly, 15 Ir. Ch. Rep. 251.
(b) See Watkins v. Cheek, 2 S. &
S. 199; Eland v. Eland, 4 M. & Cr.
427; Stroughill v. Anstey, 1 De G.
M. & G. 648.