*302
[CH. XIV. S. 3.
APPLICATION OF INCOME
on so much of the testator's property as is subsequently applied in paying them (a).
Executors, as between themselves and the persons interested in the residue, are at liberty to have recourse to any funds they please for payment of debts and legacies, but in adjusting the accounts between the tenant for life and remainderman, they must be taken to have paid the debts and legacies not out of capital only or out of income only, but with such portion of the capital as together with the income of that portion for one year from the testator's death was sufficient for the purpose (b) .
As to contingent legacies which may or may not become payable, the tenant for life is, from a rule of convenience, entitled to the income of the fund as part of the residue until the contingency arises (c) .
(3) Where funds are in the state they ought to be.- If a testator desire that his personal estate shall be laid out and invested either in Government or real securities, in trust for A. for life, with remainders over (d), or in a purchase of lands with a direction express (e) or implied (f) for the investment thereof in the mean time in Government or real securities, and that the lands to be purchased shall be in trust for A. for life, with remainders over, the income of the Government and real securities of which the testator was possessed at the time of his death (these being the very investments contemplated by his will), belongs from the time of the death to the tenant for life .
(γ) Where the proper investment is made before the end of the year.- If, during the first year, the conversion directed by the testator is actually made, the tenant for life is also
(a) Holgate v. Jennings, 24 Beav. 623; Crawley v . Crawley, 7 Sim. 427 ; Cranley v.
Dixon, 23 Beav. 512 ; Fletcher v. Stevenson, 3 Hare, 371; Allhusen v . Whittell, 4 L. R. Eq .
295 ; as to the principle to be applied where the debt is compromised, see Maclaren v. Stainton, 4 L. R. Eq. 448.
(b) Allhusen v. Whittell, 4 L. R. Eq. 295 ; Lambert v. Lambert, 16 L. R. Eq. 320; Marshall v. Crowther, 2 Ch. D. 199.
(c) Allhusen v. Whittell, 4 L. R. Eq. 305.
(d) Hewitt v . Morris, T. & R. 241 ; La Terriere v. Bulmer, 2 Sim. 18; Allhusen v. Whittell, 4 L. R. Eq. 295.
232.(e) Angerstein v. Martin, T. & R.
(f) Caldecott v. Caldecott, 1 Y. & C. C. 312, 737.