7. Admission and rejection of parol evidence as against the title of executors.- So if a person before the Act of 11 G. 4. & 1 W. 4, c. 40, had been simply appointed executor, which conferred upon him a title to the surplus beneficially, averment was not admissible to make him a trustee for the next of kin (e).

But apparently, the authorities established that if from any circumstance appearing on the face of the will, as the gift of a legacy to the executor, the law presumed only that he was not intended to take the surplus beneficially, the executor might rebut that presumption by the production of parol evidence (f), when of course the next of kin might fortify the presumption by opposing parol evidence in contradiction.

Where, however, the will itself invested the executor with the character of trustee, as by giving him a legacy "for his trouble," or by styling him a "trustee" expressly, the primâ facie title to the surplus was then in the next of kin, and parol evidence was not admissible (a) to disprove the express intention.

By the act referred to, an executor is made primâ facie a trustee for the next of kin (b).

But where there are no next of kin the title of the executor, as against the Crown, is not affected by the statute, and the old law applies (c).

But if the executor be stamped by the will with the character of trustee, and there are no next of kin, the Crown will take (d).

And of course, whether there be next of kin or not, if it appear from

[(d) Re Fleetwood, 15 Ch. D. 594;
and see Re Boyes, 26 Ch. D. 531.]

(e) Langham v. Sandford, 19 Ves. 664, per Lord Eldon; White v. Williams, 3 V. & B. 72; S.C. Coop. 58;
[see Stewart v. Stewart, 15 Ch. D.
539.]

(f) Walton v. Walton, 14 Ves. 322, per Sir W. Grant; Clennell v. Lewthwaite, 2 Ves. Jun. 474; Langham v. Sandford, 17 Ves. 442, 443;
Lynn v. Beaver, 1 T. & R. 66.

(a) Rachfield v. Careless, 2 P. W. 158 ; Langham v. Sandford, 17 Ves. 453; S.C. 19 Ves. 641 ; Golding v. Yapp, 5 Mad. 59 ; White v. Evans, 4 Ves. 21; Walton v. Walton, 14 Ves. 322, per Sir W. Grant; and see Read v. Stedman, 26 Beav. 495.

(b) Love v. Gaze, 8 Beav. 472;
Juler v. Juler, 29 Beav. 34; Travers v. Travers, 14 L. R. Eq. 275;
[Stewart v. Stewart, 15 Ch. D. 539.]

(c) So now decided, Re Knowles,
49 L. J. N. S. Ch. 625.

(d) Read v. Stedman, 26 Beav. 82