*210
[CH. XII. S. 1 .
STATUTE OF USES .
2. Special trusts not within the Act.- Special trusts are
not within the purview of the Act of Henry the Eighth (a) ;
and therefore, if any agency be imposed on the trustee, as
by a limitation to A. and his heirs, upon trust to pay the
rents (6), or to convey the estate (c), or if any control is
to be exercised, or duty is to be performed, as in the case of a
trust to apply the rents to a person's maintenance (d), or in
making repairs (e), or to preserve contingent remainders (f),
and à fortiori if to raise a sum of money (g), or to dispose of by sale (h),
in all these cases as the trust is of a special character, the operation
of the statute of uses is effectually excluded.
So if an estate be devised to trustees
upon trust for a feme covert for her sole and separate use,
and her receipts alone to be discharges (i) .
But if an estate be released by deed to A. and his heirs " upon trust, "
after the marriage of the relessor " for her and her assigns for life,
for her own sole and separate use," but no active duty in respect
of the separate use is expressed to be reposed in the trustee personally,
a common law court has rejected the sole and separate use as an estate
known only in equity, and held the legal estate for life to be executed
in the feme (j) .
3.
Trust to " permit and suffer A. to receive," &c. executed by the Act.-And if
the trust be simply to "permit and suffer" (a) See Introduction;
and see Wright v. Pearson,1Eden, 125; Mott v. Buxton, 7 Ves . 201.
(d) Sylvester v. Wilson, 2 T. R.
444; Doe v. Edlin, 4 Ad. & Ell . 582.
(e) Shapland v. Smith, 1 B. С. С.
(b) Robinson v . Grey, 9 East, 1 ;
Symson v. Turner, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 383,
note, 3d resolution ; Garth v. Baldwin, 2 Ves . 646 ; Chapman v. Blissett,
Cas . t. Talbot, 145; Barker v . Greenwood, 4 M. & W. 429; Anthony v.
Rees , 2 Cr. & Jer. 75 ; White v. Barker, 1 Bing . N. C. 573 ; Sherwin v.
Kenny, 16 Ir. Ch . Rep. 138 ; and see Doe v . Homfray, 6 Ad. & Ell. 206;
Kenrick v. Lord Beauclerk, 3 Bos . &
Pul . 178 ; Nevil v. Saunders, 1 Vern.
415; Jones v . Lord Say & Sele, 1 Eq.
Ca. Ab . 383 .
(c) Garth v. Baldwin, 2 Ves . 646 ;
Doe v. Field, 2 B. & Ad . 504; Doe v .
Edlin, 4 Ad. & Ell. 582 ; Doe v. Scott,
4Bing. 505.
75.
(f) Bisco v. Perkins, 1 V. & Β.
485; and see Barker v. Greenwood,
4M. & W. 431 .
(g) Wright v. Pearson, 1 Eden,
119; Stanley v. Lennard, 1 Eden, 87.
(h) Bagshaw v. Spencer, 1 Ves.
142.
(i) Harton v . Harton, 7 T. R. 652;
and see Hawkins v. Luscombe, 2 Sw.
391; Nevil v. Saunders, 1 Vern . 415;
Jones v. Lord Say & Sele, 1 Eq . Ca.
Ab . 383; Doe v. Claridge, 6 C. B.
641; Williams v. Waters, 14 M. &
W. 172 .
(j) Williams v. Waters, 14 M. &
W. 166.
See Nash v. Allen, 1 H. &
C. 167; and see post, p. 213.
290