*237
TRUSTEE LIABLE TO COPYHOLD FINES.
[CH. XII. S. 2 .
tees, for they take a new estate (a).
In order to avoid
these onerous
fines, where the estate devolves on several
trustees, all the trustees but one may disclaim or release to
that one, who can then be admitted, and the lord can then
claim only a single fine (b).
But there may be some risk in
adopting this course otherwise than with the sanction of the
Court, since to vest the legal estate in one trustee alone
must in strictness be viewed as a breach of trust, and the
expected pecuniary advantage might, by the early death of
the trustee who is admitted in the lifetime of his co-trustees,
be turned into a loss, and then the trustees might be held
liable for the detriment to the trust estate.
The last contingency might be guarded against by an insurance, effected
either at an annual premium or for a gross sum payable in
advance.
But besides this, where discretionary powers are
annexed to the trusteeship, the severance of the estate from
the ordinary devolution of the trust might affect the powers ;
as, if a power of sale be given to the heir of the survivor, and
A. is admitted and B. survives, can the heir [or legal personal representative (c) ] of B. sell ? (d) .
Disclaimer to avoid a fine. - Where a copyhold has been
surrendered to several trustees, there can be no disclaimer
by one trustee, for the purpose of vesting the entire estate
in the co-trustees, where that one trustee, by having acted as
owner, has virtually accepted the estate (e).
And where a
testator devised to three trustees, whom he appointed executors, and one disclaimed and the two others proved the
will, but, wishing to escape the double fine, put forward the
heir to be admitted as the person upon whom the estate descended until the devisees were admitted, it was held that
the lord was justified in refusing to admit the heir ; and the
Court, in the exercise of its discretionary power, would not
issue a mandamus to compel him (f) .
But in the same case,
(a) Sheppard v. Woodford, 5 M. & W. 608; but see Wilson v. Hoare, 10 Ad. & Ell. 236.
(b) Wellesley v. Withers, 4 Ell. & Bl. 750; and see Paterson v. Paterson,
2 L. R. Eq. 31;
S. C. 35 Beav. 506;
Re Flitcroft, 1 Jur. N. S. 418.
[(c) See 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30;
and see ante, p. 233.]
(d) Wilson v. Bennett, 5 De G. & Sm. 475.
(e) Bence v. Gilpin, 3 L. R. Ex.
(f) Queen v. Garland, 5 L. R. 326