*615
CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS.
[CH. XXIII. S. 2.
lunatic's maintenance in exoneration of her absolute property (e) . ]
5. Maintenance of infants.-If a fund be applicable to the
maintenance of children at the discretion of trustees, the
Court will not take upon itself to regulate the maintenance,
but will leave it to the trustees (f) .
[But the discretion
must be exercised within the limits of a sound and honest
execution of the trust (g) ; and where the Court was of
opinion that the exercise of the discretion had not been
proper, it set it aside and regulated the maintenance irrespective of the wishes of the trustees (h).
But the Court
has no jurisdiction on a summons for maintenance intituled only " in the matter of the infant" to control the
discretion of the trustees which can only be done in an
action or on an originating summons to which the trustees
are made parties.¹
6. Where trustees are guardians of infants, and one guardian pays the income to the other guardian for the maintenance and education of the infants, he will not be discharged
by such payment, but must show that the infants
[*615] have been properly maintained and * educated, and
that the amount paid to the other guardian was a
proper allowance for the purpose (a) .]
7. Mode of execution of
trust.
Where a fund is bequeathed to executors or trustees upon trust to distribute
among the testator's relations, or apply the fund to any
other specific purpose in such manner as the executors or
trustees may think fit, the executors or trustees, if willing to
execute the trust, will not, even on a suit being instituted
for carrying the trusts into execution, be deprived of their
discretionary power, but may propose a scheme before the
judge in chambers for the approbation of the Court (b).
[(e) Re Weaver, 21 Ch. D. 615.]
(f) Livesey v. Harding, Taml.
460; Collins v. Vining, C. P. Coop.
Rep. 1837-38, 472 ; Brophy v. Bellamy, 8 L. R. Ch. App. 798.
[(g) Costabadie v. Costabadie, 6 Hare, 410; Davey v. Ward, 7 Ch. D. 754.]
[(h) Davey v. Ward, 7 Ch. D. 754;
[Re Roper's Trusts, 11 Ch. D. 272. ]
[(a) Re Evans, 26 Ch. D. 58.]
(b) Brunsden v. Woolredge, Amb.
1 Re Lofthouse, 29 Ch. Div. 921.
830