*128

[CH. VIII. S. 1.
WHAT POWERS AUTHORIZED .
and exchange, of appointment of new trustees, and other
usual powers , it was held that a power of granting building
leases could not be inserted (a).
So, if the trustees be authorized to insert a power of sale and exchange of estates in
the county of Hereford, and all other usual powers, they
would not be justified in extending the power of sale and
exchange to estates lying in a different county (b).
And
where a testator directed that the settlement should contain
all proper powers for making leases, and otherwise according
to circumstances, and that provision should also be made for
the appointment of new trustees, and the Court was asked
to insert a power of sale and exchange, Lord Eldon said,
" It was held by Sir W. Grant, that unless the insertion of
a power were authorized by the direction to make a settlement, it could not be introduced; and if, where nothing is
expressed, nothing can be implied, it is impossible, where
something is expressed, I can imply more than is expressed ;
and particularly where the will notices what powers are to
be given" (c) .
But, where a testator directed the insertion
of powers of leasing, and sale or exchange or partition, and
then added, " And my will is, that in such intended settlement shall be inserted all such other proper and reasonable
powers as are usually inserted in settlements of the like
nature," and the question was raised, whether, under these
words, a power of appointment of new trustees might be introduced, Lord Cottenham, then M. R., said, "he had referred to the will, and as he found that those general words
were in a separate and distinct sentence, he was of opinion
that they would authorize the insertion of the power" (d) .
" Proper powers."
A testator had directed the insertion of
proper powers for making leases or otherwise to be reserved
to the tenants for life, while qualified to exercise them, and,
whenever disqualified, to the trustees .
In the execution of
the settlement, a power of sale and exchange was introduced,
and was limited to the trustees with the consent of the tenant
(a) Pearse v. Baron, Jac. 158.
(6) Hill v. Hill, 6 Sim. 141, per
Sir L. Shadwell .
625; and see Horne v. Barton, Jac.
439.
(c) Brewster v. Angell, 1 J. & W.
152.(d) Lindow v. Fleetwood, 6 Sim.
174