*573
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES.
[CH. XXIII. S. 1.
passive depositary, he can in equity neither take any part
of the profits, nor exercise any dominion or control over the
corpus , except at the instance of the cestui que trust.
3. In special trusts.
In the special trust the authority of
the trustee is, as a general rule,equally limited except so far
as the execution of the trust itself may invest him with a
proprietary power, and the duties thus prescribed to him the
trustee is bound strictly to pursue without swerving to the
right hand or to the left.
4. Exceptions. - But, under particular circumstances, the
trustee is held capable of exercising the discretionary powers
of the bonâ fide proprietor ; for the trust estate itself might
otherwise be injuriously affected.
The necessity of the
moment may demand immediate action, while the sanction
of the parties who are beneficially interested could
[*573] * not be procured without great inconvenience (as
where the cestuis que trust are a numerous class), or
perhaps could not be obtained at all (as where the cestuis
que trust are under disability, or not yet in existence).
The
alternative of consulting the Court would always be attended with considerable expense, and, it maybe, an expense
wholly disproportioned to the importance of the occasion,
and perhaps in the meantime the opportunity might be lost.
It is therefore evidently in furtherance of the cestuis que
trust's own interest, that, where the circumstances of the
case require it, the trustee should be at liberty to exercise a
reasonable discretionary power(a) .
But a trustee for adults
should not take any proceeding without consulting his cestuis
que trust; and if he do, and the proceeding is disavowed by
them, he may have to pay the costs (b) .
5. Notice of trustee's intention to cestui que trust.- Where
the trust is not definite and precise, and it is doubtful what
ought to be done under the trust, it is said that the trustee
may give notice to the cestui que trust of his intention to do a
particular act, and that unless the cestui que trust interferes
(a) See Angell v. Dawson, 3 Y. &
C. 317 ; Darke
v. Williamson, 25
Beav. 622 ; Harrison v . Randall, 9
Hare, 407 ; Forshaw v. Higginson, 8
De G. M. & G. 827; Ward v. Ward,
2 H. L. Cas . 784.
(b) Bradby v. Whitchurch, W. N.
1868, p. 81 .