CH.VIII. S. 1.

*110
EXECUTORY TRUSTS .

the settlor, must have the same construction as in the case of
a legal estate executed (g) .
4. Rule in Shelley's case applicable to trusts.-As the rule
in Shelly's case is not one of construction, that is, of intention, but of law, and was established to remedy certain mischiefs, which, if heirs were allowed to take as purchasers, * would be introduced into feudal tenures ; [*110]
it might be thought, that, as trusts are wholly independent of tenure, they ought not to be affected by the
operation of the rule ; and the cases of Withers v. Allgood (a) , and Bagshaw v. Spencer (b), seem to lend some
countenance to the doctrine.
But not to mention that Lord
Hardwicke himself appears in Garth v. Baldwin (c) to have
doubted the position advanced by him in Bagshaw v. Spencer, other subsequent authorities have now established the
principle, that although the rule may not be equally applicable to trusts, it shall be equally applied (d) .
But in order to vest the fee in the ancestor under this
rule, the word "heir" must be used, not in the sense persona
(g) Wright v. Pearson, 1 Eden,
125; Austen v. Taylor, ib. 367 ; and
see Brydges v. Brydges, 3 Ves . jun.
125; Jervoise v . Duke of Northumberland, 1 J. & W. 571 .
(a) Cited in Bagshaw v. Spencer,
1Ves . sen. 150; 1 Coll. Jur. 403.
(b) 1Ves. sen. 142; 1Coll. Jur.378.
(c) 2 Ves . 646.
(d) Wrightv . Pearson, 1Eden,128 ;
Brydges v. Brydges, 3Ves. 120 ; Jones
v. Morgan, 1 B. C. C. 206; Webb v .
Earl of Shaftesbury, 3 M. & Κ. 599 ;
Roberts v . Dixwell, 1 Atk. 610; West,
536; Britton v. Twining, 3 Mer. 176;
Spence v. Spence, 12 C. B. N. S. 199 ;
Cooper v. Kynock, 7 L. R. Ch. App .
398 ; Collier v. Walters, 17 L. R. Eq .
252; Hervey v. Hervey, W. N. 1874,
p. 41; Drew v. Maslen, W. N. 1874,
p. 65; Batteste v. Maunsell, 10 I. R.
Eq. 97, on App. 314 ; [Re White and
Hindle's Contract, 7 Ch. D. 201.]
Coape v . Arnold, 2 Sm. & Gif. 311,
may appear to militate against the
general rule, but the true ground of
the decision was this : The codicil was
made for a particular purpose, viz .,
for securing the jointure,and as it confirmed the will in all other respects ,
the testator's intention evidently was,
that after securing the jointure, the
trustees of the codicil should convey
the estate to the uses declared by the
will.
It was, therefore, an executory
trust, and the question was not whether in mere equitable estates a life
interest resulting to the heir-at-law
would unite with a limitation to the
heirs of his body, but whether according to the true construction of the will
the settlement was not meant to be
executed in such a form as to make
the heirs of his body purchasers .
In
this light the question was one of
intention, and not of legal operation.
The case was subsequently affirmed
on appeal by Lord Cranworth, and it
is conceived substantially, though not
in terms, upon the ground above indicated as the true principle : see 4
De G. M. & G. 574.
151