CH. XIV. S. 5.]
TO PAYMENT OF INTEREST .
*340
10. Rule now general that executor must account for all
profits.-But all these refinements have long since been
swept away (b) ; and the rule is now universal, that, whether
the executor be solvent or insolvent, whether the money be
part of the general assets or specifically bequeathed, whether
it be lent upon security or employed in the way of trade,
the executor shall account for the utmost actual profits to
the testator's estate (c) .
11.
Trustee using trust money in trade must account for it
with 5 per cent. interest, or the actual profits.- Where the
money has been employed by breach of trust in trade, the
cestui que trust has the option of taking the actual profits or
of charging the executor with interest (d).
And the executors cannot disguise the employment of the money in their
business under the garb of a loan to one of themselves (e) .
And an executor who is a trader is considered to employ the
money in trade, if he lodge it at his banker's and place it in
his own name, for a merchant must generally keep a balance
at his banker's, and this answers the purpose of his credit as
much as if the money were his own (f) .
12. Executor charged with 4 per cent. interest only unless
he made more.
The rate of interest with which an executor
is usually charged is 4 per cent. (g); but the rule holds only
(b) As to the former distinction,
see Newton v. Bennet, 1 В. С. С. 361 ;
Adye v. Feuilleteau, 1 Cox, 25; and
as to the latter, see Newton v. Bennet,
1 В. С. С. 361 .
(c) Tebbs v. Carpenter, 1 Mad.
304, per Sir T. Plumer ; Lee v. Lee,
2 Vern . 548 ; Adye v. Feuilleteau, 1
Cox, 24; Piety v. Stace, 4 Ves. 622,
per Lord Alvanley.
(d) Heathcote v. Hulme, 1 J. & W.
122; Anon. case, 2 Ves. 630, per Sir
T. Clarke ; Docker v. Somes, 2 M. &
K. 655 ; Ex parte Watson, 2 V. & B.
414; Brown v. Sansome, 1 M'Clel .
& Y. 427; Robinson v. Robinson, 1 De
G. M. & G. 257; see ante, p . 276, 277.
(e) Townendv. Townend,1 Giff. 201 .
(f) Treves v. Townshend, 1 B. C.
C. 284; Moons v . De Bernales, 1 Russ .
301 ; In re Hilliard, 1 Ves . jun. 90;
Sutton v. Sharp, 1 Russ. 146; Rocke
v. Hart, 11 Ves. 61; but see Browne
v. Southouse, 3 B. C. C. 107.
(g) See Fletcher v. Green, 33 Beav.
426; Forbes v. Ross, 2 Cox, 116 ; Hall
v . Hallet, 1 Cox, 138 ; Tebbs v. Carpenter, 1 Mad. 306 ; In re Hilliard, 1
Ves. jun. 90 ; Browne v . Southouse, 3
В. С. С. 107; Mosley v. Ward, 11
Ves . 582; Perkins v. Baynton, 1 B.
C. C. 375 ; Treves v. Townshend, 1
В. С. С. 386 ; Hicks v. Hicks, 3 Atk.
274; Younge v. Combe, 4 Ves . 101 ;
Rocke v. Hart, 11 Ves. 58 ; Hankey
Garret, 1 Ves. jun. 236 ; but see Bird
v . Lockey, 2 Vern. 744, 4th point;
Carmichael v. Wilson, 3 Moll. 79 ;
Attorney-General v. Alford, 4 De G.
M. & G. 843 ; Johnson v . Prendergast,
28 Beav. 480.
[Re Emmet's Estate,
17 Ch. D. 142.]