*338
[CH. XIV. S. 5.
LIABILITY OF TRUSTEES
2. Executor must pay testator's debts as soon as he has
An executor or administrator should discharge the
testator's liabilities as soon as he has collected assets sufficient for the purpose, and therefore if he keep money in his
hands idle, when there is an outstanding debt upon which
interest is running, he will himself be charged with interest
on a sum equal in amount to the debt, and if the outstanding debt carry interest at 5 per cent. the executor will
be charged with interest at the same rate (c) .
assets.
(c) Dornford v. Dornford, as cited
in Tebbs v. Carpenter, 1 Mad. 301;
Hall v. Hallet, 1 Cox, 134 ;
Turner
v. Turner, 1 J. & W. 39.
Bentley v. Shreve, 2 Md. Ch. 219; but see McKnight v. Walsh, 24 N. J. Eq.
498.
If the amounts involved are small, and the trustee receives no profit,
the liability for interest may be modified; Brand v. Abbott, 42 Ala. 499; if
the trustee pay the funds into court there can be no further claim for
interest; Young v. Brush, 38 Barb. 294; Brandon v. Hoggatt, 32 Miss. 335;
but these same cases hold that if any suits are pending in relation to the
trust, the trustee must keep the money at interest.
If the trustee is directed to invest in a certain way within a limited time,
and fails to do so, the cestui que trust may elect between the money together
with its legal interest, or what he would have had as securities from the
special investment with all actual dividends; Durling v. Hammar, 5 C. E.
Green, 220; McElhenny's App. 46 Pa. St. 347.
If the trustee converts a properly invested trust fund into money, and
neglects to reinvest it, invests it unwisely, or uses it in speculation, the cestui
que trust may take what he would have received if the original investment had not been disturbed, or the fund and legal interest; or all that
has been realized; Norris's App. 71 Pa. St. 125; Kyle v. Barnett, 17Ala. 306.
In the preceding cases, or in case of a mixture of trust with personal funds,
the trustee may be charged with compound interest; Eliott v. Sparrell, 114
Mass. 404, but not unless the trustee is particularly blameworthy; Fay v.
Howe, 1 Pick. 528; Cartledge v. Cutliff, 21 Ga. 1.
The trustee must show
that he received no profit orbenefit from the money; Hughes v. Smith, 2Dana,
253 ; Karr v . Karr, 6 Dana, 3 ; Smith v . Kennard, 38 Ala. 695; Livingston v.
Wells , 8 S. C. 347; but see Graver's App. 50 Pa. St. 189.
Where the funds
were used in business compound interest is allowable; Lathrop v. Smalley,
23 N. J. Eq . 192; McKnight v. Walsh, 23 N. J. Eq. 136.
The trustee must see to it that the cestui que trust receives the income,
or it will bear interest .
Where the trustee had unnecessarily sold lands to pay debts and had also
applied trust funds to his own use, the account was taken against him with
annual rests ; Wiard v. Gable, 8 Chy. 458 ; where a trustee had retained money
six years after it should have been paid over, he was ordered to pay six per
cent. annual interest ; Small v. Eccles , 12 Chy. 37 ; Wrightman v. Helliwell, 13
Chy. 330 ; Beaton v. Boomer, 2 Chy. Chamb. 89.
Interest is charged that the
cestui que trust may not suffer loss, rather than for the purpose of punishing
the trustee; Inglis v. Beaty, 2 App. R. 453.
468