*484
PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .

[CH . XVIII . S. 3 .
lief where the right of unravelling the transaction has been
neglected for a period of twenty years (i) .
34. Executor or administrator of a trustee.- The preceding
powers belong to executors and administrators for the purpose of administration of the testator's or intestate's estates .
But these powers cannot be assumed to exist where property, though legally vested in an executor or admin[*484] istrator, is not * available for the ordinary purposes
of administration.
Thus the executor.or administrator of a surviving trustee stands on no higher ground than
an ordinary trustee, and cannot therefore pass a good title to
the purchaser, unless it be warranted by the terms of the
trust.

SECTION
III.
DISABILITY OF TRUSTEES FOR SALE TO BECOME PURCHASERS OF THE
TRUST PROPERTY .

We now come to the subject of purchases by trustees of
the property vested in them upon trust.1

Under this head it will be proper to consider, First, The
extent and operation of the rule, that a trustee shall not
purchase the trust estate ; Secondly, The species of relief
(i) Andrew v. Wrigley, 4 B. С. С.
125; Bonney v. Ridgard, 1 Cox, 145;
Mead v. Orrery, 3 Atk. 235, see 243 ;
and see M'Leod v. Drummond, 14
Ves. 353; reversed 17 Ves. 152, see
171.

1 Trustee purchasing.-A trustee who is selling trust property may not purchase at his own sale for his own benefit, and this applies generally to any
one holding any fiduciary relation; Blauvelt v. Ackerman, 20 N. J. Eq. 141;
Dyer v . Shurtleff, 112 Mass. 165 ; Wistar's App. 54 Pa. St. 60 ; European R. R.
Co. v . Poor, 59 Me. 277 ; Prewett v . Coopwood, 30 Miss. 369 ; Gass v. Mason,
4 Sneed, 497 ; Powell v. Cobb, 3 Jones Eq. 456; Taylor v. Taylor, 8 How.
183.
This applies generally to all sales, contracts and negotiations between
cestui que trust and trustee ; Pairo v. Vickery, 37 Md. 467; Wright v. Campbell, 27 Ark. 637 ; Boynton v. Brastow, 53 Me. 362 ; Farnam v. Brooks, 9
Pick. 212; Staats v. Bergen, 2 C. E. Green, 554.
Either the trustee purchasing will become a constructive trustee or the
sale will be void, at the option of the cestui que trust, unless he can show it to
be fair and favorable to the cestui que trust; Shelton v. Homer, 5 Met. 462;
Johnson v. Blackman, 11 Conn. 343 ; Freeman v. Harwood, 49 Me. 195 ; Child
v. Brace, 4 Paige, 309; Michoud v. Girod, 4 How. 503; Cram v. Mitchell, 1
Sandf. Ch . 251 .