*452
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .
Lord St. Leonards' Act. - We must here advert in limine
to some important recent enactments. By Lord St. Leonards '
Act, 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 23 (passed 13th August, 1859), it
is declared that " the bondfide payment to and the receipt of
any person to whom any purchase or mortgage money shall
be payable upon any express or implied trust shall effectually
discharge the person paying the same from seeing to the
application
or being
answerable
for the
misapplication
thereof, unless the contrary shall be expressly de[*452] clared by the instrument creating the * trust or
security."
It will be observed, 1. That the Act
applies not to all monies subject to a trust, but only to monies arising from sales and mortgages and subject to a trust.
2. That the language of the section, more particularly of the
latter part of it, is in the future tense, so that the enactment
is not to be retrospective.
If future settlors are to have the
option of excluding the operation of the Act, it should not
affect prior settlors who had no such option.
3. As regards
trusts or mortgages created by instruments since the date of
the Act, it would seem that to the extent of sale monies and
mortgage monies the whole doctrine in equity of seeing to
the application of money has been swept away.
It cannot
be said that where A. is trustee for B. the money is payable
to B. and not to A., and that therefore the clause shall not
apply, for the doctrine of equity is that the money is payable
to A., but the purchaser or mortgagee is bound to see it properly applied by A.
sale, then the purchaser ordinarily must see the money properly applied;
Swasey v . Little, 7 Pick. 296 ; Bugbee v. Sargent, 23 Me . 269 ; Hoover v.
Hoover, 5 Barr, 351 ; Leavitt v. Wooster, 14 N. H. 560; Lupton v. Lupton,
2 Johns . Ch. 614 ; 3 Redf. Wills, 235.
See further, Gardner v. Gardner, 3
Mason, 178 ; Duffy v. Calvert, 6 Gill, 487; Hauser v. Shore, 5 Ired. 357 ; St.
Mary's Church v. Stockton, 4 Halst. Ch. 520.
If a purchase is made under
decree, the application of the purchase-money is immaterial ; Wilson v. Davisson, 2 Rob . (Va. ) 385 ; Coombs v. Jordan, 3 Bland, 284.
The American rule
is much less strict regarding the application of the money, than the English,
Redheimer v. Pyron, 1 Speer's Eq. 141; Rutledge v. Smith, 1 Busb. Eq. 283.
The purchaser will not be protected if he had any notice of an intention to
misapply the purchase-money; Shaw v. Spencer, 100 Mass. 388 ; Clyde v.
Simpson, 4 Ohio St. 445 ; Williamson v. Morton, 2 Md. Ch. 94.
The settlor's intention, if it can be determined, has much to do with the
necessity of looking after the application of the money.