*175
PURCHASE IN NAME OF A CHILD .
[CH. IX. S. 2.
stated:-"The evidence to prove this purchase in the name
of the son to be a trust for the father consists of-1st, father
possessed the money ; 2dly, received
the profits twenty
years ; 3dly, made leases ; 4thly, took fines ; 5thly, enclosed
part in a park; 6thly, built much ; 7thly, provided materials
for more ; 8thly, directed Lord Chief Justice North to draw
a settlement ; 9thly, treated about the sale of it " (f) : yet,
for all this, it was decided, after long and mature deliberation, that the consideration of blood and affectionwas so predominant, that the father's perception of rents and profits , or
making leases, or the like acts, which the son, in good manners, did not contradict, could not countervail it (g) .
[*175] The propriety of this decision, upon principle * independently of authority, has been called into question (a) .
It might perhaps be successfully contended, that
Lord Nottingham's determination was founded upon the
more enlarged view of the subject in respect even of principle ; however, the point must at the present day be considered as settled at least upon authority, if any point can be
considered as settled after repeated decisions (b) .
[Policy on father's
life.- So if a father effects a policy
of assurance on his own life in the name of a child, and himself pays the premiums and retains the policy until the time
of his death, the child will be entitled to the benefit of the
policy (c) .]
8. Evidence from facts to rebut the presumption.-The
advancement of the son is a mere question of intention, and,
therefore, facts antecedent to or contemporaneous with the
purchase (d) , or so immediately after it as to constitute part
(f) 2 Sw. 596.
(g) See 2 Sw. 599.
(a) Dyer v . Dyer, 2 Cox, 95; S. C.
1Watk. Cop. 220.
(b) Woodman v. Morrell, 2 Freem.
32, reversed on the re-hearing (see
note by Hovenden) ; Shales v. Shales,
Ib. 252; Sidmouth v. Sidmouth, 2
Beav. 447 ; Williams v. Williams, 32
Beav. 370 ; Batstone v. Salter, 19 L.
R. Eq . 250 ; 10 L. R. Ch . App. 431 ;
and see Elliot v. Elliot, 2 Ch. Ca.
231; but see Lloyd v. Read, 1 P. W.
607; Redington v. Redington, 3 Ridg.
190; Murless t. Franklin, 1 Sw. 17;
Scawin v. Scawin, 1 Y. & C. С. С. 65.
[(c) Re Richardson, 47 L. T. N. S.
514.]
(d) See Williams v . Williams, 32
Beav. 370 ; Tucker v. Burrow, 2 H. &
M. 524; Collinson v. Collinson, 3 De
G. M. & G. 409; Murless v. Franklin,
1 Sw. 17, 19 ; Sidmouth v. Sidmouth,
2 Beav . 447 ; Lloyd v. Read, 1 P. W.
240