CH. XII. S. 3.

*248

EQUITY OF REDEMPTION .

If the lord of the manor has escheated to him, he may redeem (b), and if the lord may take a benefit through the tenant, it seems to follow that he must sustain an onus.
Indeed, an opinion to
that effect has been enunciated by Lord Justice James when
Vice-Chancellor (c), and also by an equity court in Ireland (d) . Now that the Acts, 13 & 14 Vict. c. 60, [and 44
& 45 Vict. c. 41,] (to be noticed presently), have been
passed, it is unlikely that the point will ever call for a
decision.

8. Copyholds.-In copyholds there is, properly speaking,
no such thing as escheat.
The freehold and inheritance are
vested in the lord of the manor, and the tenant has no claim
but according to the entry on the court roll.
If the tenant
be a trustee, and no trust appears on the roll, there can be
no pretence for charging the lord with an equity to which
he never assented (e) ; but if a surrender be made upon a
trust either expressed or referred to on the roll, the lord is
stopped by this evidence of his will, and cannot afterwards
claim in contradiction to his grant (f) .

9. Customary freeholds.- Customary freeholds held not
at the will of the lord, but according to the custom of the
manor, stand on the same footing as copyholds in reference
to escheat (g), for it is now established that customary freeholds are in fact copyholds, but of a privileged character (h) .

10. Equity of redemption. -A distinction was taken by
Lord Hale between a trust and an equity of redemption . "A
trust," said his Lordship, " is created by the contract of the
party, and he may direct it as he pleaseth, and he may provide for the execution of it, and therefore one that comes in
in the post shall not be liable to it without express mention
(b) Viscount Downe v. Morris, 3
Hare,394.
(c) Re Martinez' Trust, 22 L. T.
N. S. 403.
(d) White v. Baylor, 10 I. R. Eq.
Rep. 54; and see Evans v. Brown, 5
Beav. 116.
(e) Attorney-General v. Duke of
Leeds, 2 M. & K. 343 ; and see Peachy
v. Duke of Somerset, 1 Str. 454; Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden, 231 .
(f) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,
231, per Lord Mansfield ; Weaver v.
Maule, 2 R. & M. 97 ; and see Everingham v. Ivatt, 7 L. R. Q. B. 683 ;
affirmed 8 L. R. Q. B. 388 ;
[Gallard
v. Hawkins, 27 Ch. D. 298.]
(g) Weaver v. Maule, 2 R. & M.
100, per Sir John Leach.
(h) Duke of Portland v. Hill, 12
Jur. N. S. 286 .