*410
[CH. XVII. S. 2.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
the corpus of the estate, but out of the annual rents and
profits, the Court looking to the hardship of allowing the
interest to accumulate for years against the income, raises
the capital only and gives no interest (a) .
5. Interest given, though portion not vested.
Where there
is the relation of father and child, or of a person standing
loco parentis and a child, the natural duty and therefore the
presumed intention of providing for the child is so strong
as to have led to the establishment of peculiar principles.
Some of these have already passed under review, and another
is this:
Maintenance.
A legacy given to a stranger and payable
at the age of twenty-one carries no interest in the meantime,
but a legacy to a child being an infant (b) and payable at
twenty-one, if maintenance be not otherwise provided for
the child (c), carries interest with it(d) from the death of
the testator, and not as in ordinary legacies from the expiration of one year from the testator's death (e).
So a portion
charged on land in favour of a child, whether made payable
at a particular age or without any direction as to payment,
will carry interest with it from the death of the testator.
Rate of interest. - But as the rate of interest is discretionary, the Court has not considered itself bound by the general
rule of 4 per cent., but has regulated itself by the circumstances of each particular case .
The application of these
principles will be best understood by the following instances :
In Warr v. Warr (f) a father charged the estate with portions for younger children, " to be paid at such time as the
trustees should appoint for their better maintenance and preferment."
There were three younger children, a son and
two daughters.
The son was apprenticed to a sea captain
(a) Ivy v. Gilbert, 2 P. W. 13 ;
Evelyn v. Evelyn, 2 P. W. 659.
But
see Ravenhill v. Dansey, 2 P. W. 179.
(b) Raven v . Waite, 1 Sw. 553 .
(c) Mitchell v. Bower, 3 Ves . 287 ;
Long v. Long, Ib. 286, note ; Wynch
v. Wynch, 1 Cox, 433 .
(d) See Crickett v. Dolby, 3 Ves .
16; Raven v. Waite, 1 Sw. 557 ; Beckford v. Tobin, 1 Ves. sen. 308 ; Hill
v. Hill, 3 V. & B. 183 ; Tyrrell v. Tyrrell, 4 Ves . 1; Chambers v. Goldwin,
11 Ves . 1; Lowndes v. Lowndes, 15
Ves . 301.
(e) Cary v . Askew, 1 Cox, 241 ;
Mole v. Mole, 1 Dick. 310.
(f) Pr. Ch . 213.
558