*304
[CH. XIV. S. 3.
APPLICATION OF INCOME
(e) Case of ultra income, but without risk.-Where the
nonconversion is attended with any risk to the property, as
in the case of bonds, &c., the remainderman, whose interest
is thus imperilled, has a right to share in the extra profit of
the annual produce (b) ; but suppose land to have yielded a
rental beyond what would have been the annual produce of
the purchase-money, and there has been no depreciation, can
the remainderman call back the extra rent received by the
tenant for life, or as the remainderman gets all that was ever
intended for him, viz. the undepreciated property, may the
tenant for life keep the full rent?
If not, then, conversely,
if the land yield no annual fruit, or less than what the
purchase-money would yield, the tenant for
life
[*304] * should have a claim against the remainderman (a) .
But if the tenant for life be also a trustee for sale,
and neglect to sell, he cannot be allowed to put into his own
pocket the higher annual produce which has arisen from his
own laches, for no trustee can derive a profit from the exercise of his own office (b) .
(s) Gibson v. Bott. -In Gibson v. Bott (c), leaseholds
from a defect of title could not be sold, and the Court gave
the tenant for life interest at 4 per cent. from the death of
the testator on the value.
It does not appear from the
report at what time the value was to be taken, but according
to recent cases it should have been ascertained at the expiration of one year from the testator's death (d) .
(5) Capital coming in by instalments.- If the testator's
estate comprise funds not immediately convertible, but receivable by instalments, such as the testator's share in a part-debts, and legacies, and to give the
tenant for life the income of the residue from the testator's death, any
part not in a proper state of investment to be taken as invested in Consols at the death of the testator.
(6) Dimes v . Scott, 4 Russ. 195.
But see Stroud v. Gwyer, 28 Beav .
130, which M. R. distinguished from
Dimes v . Scott, on the ground that
in the latter the irregular investment
existed at the death of the testator,
but in Stroud v. Gwyer, the irregular
investment had been made by the
trustees .
This appears to be a somewhat thin distinction, [and has been
doubted in a recent case, Re Hill, 50
L. J. N. S. Ch. 551.]
637.(a) See Yates v. Yates, 28 Beav .
(b) See Wightwick v. Lord, 6 H.
L. Cas. 217.
(c) 7 Ves . 89.
(d) See Caldecott v. Caldecott, 1
Y. & C. C. C. 312, 737 ; Sutherland
v. Cooke, 1 Coll. 503.