*603

CONSTRUCTION OF POWERS .

[CH . XXIII . S. 2 .

direction that such appointment should take place as often
as any one or more of the trustees should die, &c.
One of
the trustees died, and it was determined by the Court of
Queen's Bench, that the survivors alone were incapable of
exercising the power.
Lord Eldon was dissatisfied with this
decision, and asked, " Did the Court of Queen's Bench consider that the two surviving trustees and the heir of the
deceased trustee, were to act together ? for it was one thing
to say that the survivors could not act until another was
appointed ; and a different thing to say, the heir of the
deceased trustee could act in the meantime " (c).
But his
Lordship so far bowed to the authority of the decision, that
he refused under similar circumstances to compel a purchaser to accept the title (d) .
In Townsend v. Wilson the
trustees had not the fee, and the power was not to be executed as part of a trusteeship, and it is therefore no authority
against the execution of a trust by the surviving trustees.
Indeed, where an estate was devised to three trustees and
their respective heirs, upon trust that they and their respective
heirs should sell, the word " respective" was rejected for
surplusage, and it was held that the survivors could make a
title (e) .
2. Hewett v. Hewett.- In Hewett v. Hewett (f), a testator devised his estate to four persons to uses in strict settlement, with a power to the tenants for life, when in actual
possession, to cut such trees as the four devises to uses , or the
survivors or survivor of them (omitting the words " and the
heirs of the survivor") should direct; and all the trustees
being dead, the question was whether the power was gone .
Lord Henley held, that, upon the construction of the will,
the testator intended the power to be co-extensive with the
life estates, and that the trustees were interposed, as supervisors only to prevent destruction ; and that the office
of the trustees was not personal, but such * as might
be executed by the Court.
He, therefore, considered

(c) Hall v. Dewes, Jac. 193 ; and
see Jones v . Price, 11 Sim. 557 .

(f) 2 Eden, 332, Amb. 508 ; and
see Bennett v. Wyndham, 23 Beav.
528 .

(d) Hall v. Dewes, Jac. 189.

(e) Jones v . Price, 11 Sim. 557 .