*475
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .
the husband, who is a stranger, and the safest course would
be to pay the money into some responsible bank in the joint
names of the trustees (excluding the husband), and to take
a written receipt from the trustees, to be also signed by the
husband as sanctioning the receipt by the wife (d).
[The
concurrence of the husband may however be dispensed with
if he has abjured the realm or is an outlaw (e), and where a
married woman who is a trustee sues under Order 16, Rule
16, without her husband, she can give a good discharge for
the money recovered under the judgment without his concurrence (f ) .
And where the marriage has taken place
since the 31st December, 1882, or the trust has been undertaken by the married woman since that date, she can sign a
receipt for the money, without the concurrence of her husband who is not answerable for her acts unless he intermeddle in the trust (g) .]
26.
Solicitor receiving purchase-money.- If the trustees of
an estate bound by a contract for sale of a date prior to the
trust deed execute a conveyance to the purchaser and sign a
receipt indorsed, and leave the deed in the hands of the
solicitor of the settlor who had contracted to sell, and the
solicitor completes the sale and receives the purchase-money
and misapplies it, the trustees are personally liable to
[*475] the cestuis que * trust, as having improperly enabled
the solicitor of a third person to get possession of the
fund (a) .
27.
Practical directions where no power to sign receipts.The following observations of Lord St. Leonards upon
the subject of trustees' receipts, deserve every attention.
" Where," he says, " a purchaser is bound to see the money
applied according to the trust, and the trust is for payment
of debts or legacies, he must see the money actually paid to
the creditors or legatees.
In cases of this nature, therefore,
[(d) See Kingsman v. Kingsman,
6 Q. B. D. 122, 128, 131.]
[(e) Per Lord Selborne, L. C.,
Kingsman v. Kingsman, 6 Q. B. D.
122, 128.]
[(g) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75, ss. 1, 2, 5,
24; see ante, p. 36.]
(a) Ghost v . Waller, 9 Beav. 497 ;
and see Wood v. Weightman, 13 L.
R. Eq. 434 ; West v. Jones, 1 Sim.
[(f) Kingsman v. Kingsman, ubi
N. S. 205.
supra.]