ESCHEAT OF THE TRUST ESTATE.

*247

5. So assigns in the post.-Assigns in the post, or by operation of law, are also invested with the character of trustees;
as if a trustee marry, the wife is at law entitled to her dower,
and if a female trustee marry, the husband is at law entitled
to his curtesy, but in equity both the dowress (d) and tenant
by the curtesy (e), are compellable to recognise the right of
the cestui que trust.
So a creditor of the trustee extending
the trust estate under an elegit (f), or taking a trust
chattel *by writ of execution (a), and by the same [*247]
rule the creditors' trustee under abankruptcy (b) are
made subject to the equity.

6. Forfeiture. -And if the trustee commit aforfeiture, the
lord, as he succeeds to the identical estate of the forfeitor,
must take the property with all the engagements and incumbrances attached to it, and is therefore liable to the trust (c) .
(d) Pawlett v. Attorney-General,
Hard. 469, per Lord Hale; Noel v.
Jevon, Freem. 43 ; Hinton v. Hinton,
2 Ves . 634, per Lord Hardwicke.
(e) Bennet v. Davis, 2 P. W. 319.
(f) Pawlett v. Attorney-General,
Hard. 456, per Lord Hale ; Kennedy
v. Daly, 1 Sch. & Lef. 373, per Lord
Redesdale ; Finch v. Earl of Winchelsea, 1 P. W. 277 ; Burgh v. Burgh,
Rep. t. Finch, 28.

In the case of
Whitworth v. Gaugain, 1 Cr. & Ph.
325, where a person made a deposit
of title deeds, and then a judgment
was entered up against him, Lord Cottenham expressed a doubt whether
the judgment creditor, if he had no
notice, would be bound by the prior
equity. However, such a doctrine was
not tenable, for a judgment creditor
is not a purchaser for valuable consideration.
Brace v. Duchess
of
Marlborough, 2 P. W. 491.
He advances
money, but not on the security of
this estate.
He may take the person
of his debtor, or his goods and chattels, and if he is put in possession of
the lands, it is not as purchaser of
them, but by course of law.
The
cause was afterwards heard, and Lord
Cottenham's doubts were displaced
by a decision the other way, 3 Hare,
416; 1 Ph. 728.

In Watts v. Porter,
3 Ell. & Bl. 743, three of the four
judges, while approving
of Whitworth v. Gaugain, refused to apply
the principle of it to a case of stock.
The remaining judge differed, and
held that in personal, as in real estate,
the specific incumbrancer, though he
gives no notice to the trustee, prevails over the judgment creditor,
though he has obtained a charging
order.
It is conceived that the single
judge took the clearer view.
Those
who determined the other way, seem
to have
assumed
that
notice was
necessary
for
the
transfer
of an
equitable interest, which is not true
as between assignor and assignee, but
only as between two
contending assignees .
The case of Watts v . Porter
has since been disapproved by the
highest authorities, Beavan v. Lord
Oxford, 6 De G. M. & G. 507 ; Kinderley v. Jervis, 22 Beav. 34; Scott
v. Hastings, 4 K. & J. 633.

(a) Foley v. Burnell, 1 B. С. С.
278, per Lord Thurlow.
(b) See suprà, p. 242, note (e) .
(c) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,
230, per Sir T. Clarke; Ib. 252, per
Lord Henley.