CH . XV .
RENEWAL OF LEASES .
*366

This (c) .
However, Lord Thurlow himself seems to have
entertained that opinion, for in the same case of Pickering
v. Vowles, where the property was articled to be settled, but
there was no direction for renewals, his Lordship said, " It
was intended the lease should be fully estated, and that the
husband and wife should have life estates, and that so fully
estated it should go to the children." A direction for renewals
5. Of discretionary renewals.
where successive estates are limited is sometimes in the form
of a discretionary power.
The instrument may, indeed, be so
specially worded, that the power should be perfectly arbitrary ; but if the proviso be simply that " it shall be lawful
for the trustees to renew, from time to time, as occasion may
require, and as they may think proper," the clause will be
construed, not as conferring an option upon the trustees of
renewing or not, but as a safeguard against any unreasonable
demands on the part of the lessor (d) .
By an Act passed 2. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145.
1860, trustees (under instruments of trust executed since
the date of the Act) of leaseholds renewable by contract, or
custom, or usual practice are authorised in the exercise of
their discretion, and, if so required by any person beneficially
interested, are bound as a duty, to use their best endeavours
to renew ; but the Act is not to apply, where by the terms of
the settlement or will, the person in possession for his life or
other limited interest is entitled to enjoyment without any
obligation to renew the lease, or to contribute to the expense of
renewal ; and the Act where it applies enables the trustees to
pay the expense out of any monies in their hands
held upon similar trusts, or to raise * the same by [*366]
mortgage (a) .
(This
enactment has since been
repealed (b), but the repeal is not to affect any right accrued or obligation incurred before the commencement of
the Repealing Act, 31st December, 1882, and is not to affect
(c) 1 Eden, 453.
(d) Milsington v. Mulgrave,3 Mad.
491, 5 Mad. 472 ; Mortimer v. Watts,
14 Beav. 416; and see Verney v. Verney , 1 Ves . 430; Harvey v. Harvey,
503
5 Beav. 134; Luther v. Bianconi, 10
Ir. Ch . Rep. 203.
(a) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145, ss. 8 & 9.
[(b) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38, s . 64.]