*51

CHAPTER V.

OF THE FORMALITIES REQUIRED FOR THE CREATION OF TRUSTS .

UPON this subject we propose to treat-First, Of Declarations of Trust at common law.
Secondly, Of the Statute of Frauds.
Thirdly, Of the Statutes of Wills .

SECTION I. OF TRUSTS AT COMMON LAW .
1. Trusts averrable. - Trusts, like uses, are of their own nature averrable, i.e., maybe declared by word of mouth without writing (a) ; as, if before the Statute of Frauds an estate had been conveyed unto and to the use of A. and his heirs, a trust might have been raised by parol in favour of B. (b), and since the statute, though a trust of lands cannot be declared by parol without proof of it in writing, no other proof is requisite than a simple note in writing duly signed, but not under seal (c).1
2. Averment must not contradict the instrument.-But the Court, following the analogy of uses, never permitted the averment of a trust in contradiction to any expression of intention on the face of the instrument itself (d) .
(a) See Fordyce v. Willis, 3 B. C. C. 587; Benbow v . Townsend, 1 M. & K. 506 ; Bayley v. Boulcott, 4 Russ. 347; Crabb v. Crabb, 1 M. & Κ. 511 ; Kilpin v. Kilpin, Id. 520.
(b) See Bellasis v . Compton, 2 Vern. 294; Fordyce v. Willis, 3 B. C. C. 587 ; Thruxton v. Attorney-General, 1 Vern. 341 .
(c) Adlington v. Cann, 3 Atk. 151, per Lord Hardwicke ; Boson v . Statham, 1 Eden. 513, per Lord Keeper Henley .
(d) Lewis v. Lewis, 2 Ch. Rep. 77 ; Finch's case, 4 Inst. 86 ; Fordyce v. Willis , 3 B. C. C. 587 ; see Childers v . Childers, 3 K. & J. 310 ; 1 De G. & J. 482.
1 This question has only a theoretical value in America, as the Statute of Frauds has been very generally adopted; see the statutes of the various states.

62