TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .

*525

ever, there was no reason, in fact, why the characters of
trustee and executor should not be united in the same person
without confusion, and so it has since been determined (b) .
But where the trust was expressly to pay the settlor's debts
" according to their priority, nature, and specialty," a bond
debt with interest was payable before a simple contract
debt (c).
But now all debts of persons who may have died
on or after 1st January, 1870, are payable pari passu.

5. Unclaimed dividends.- If there be a remnant of unclaimed dividends left in the hands of the trustees, it does not
belong to the trustees for their own benefit, but will be
divisible amongst the unpaid creditors who do claim (d).

Thirdly.
As to allowance of interest.
1. Interest not allowed on simple contract debts.- Whether
the trust be created by deed (e), or will (f), and though the
fund has been making interest (g), the trustees will not be
justified in paying interest upon simple contract debts not
carrying interest ; and àfortiori, this is the case where interest
is expressly directed as to some particular debts (h).

Where
the trust was by deed, but the creditors had not been made
parties, Lord Eldon observed, " The mere direction to pay a
debt does not infer either contract or trust to pay interest
upon debts by simple contract.
As to contract, the creditors
did not execute the deed, and there was nothing to prevent
their suing the debtor after the execution ; and no consideracase, 2 Freem. 49; Delany v. Delany,
15 L. R. Ir. 55.
(b) Prowse v. Abington, 1 Atk.
482; Newton v. Bennet, 1 B. C. C.
135; Silk v . Prime, Ib. 138, note ; S.
C. 1 Dick. 384; Lewin v. Okeley, 2
Atk . 50; Barker v. Boucher, 1 B. C.
C. 140, note.
(c) Passingham v. Selby, 2 Coll .
405.
464.
(d) Wild v. Banning, 12 Jur . N. S.
(e) Hamilton v . Houghton, 2 Bligh,
469, see 186; Car v. Burlington, 1 P.
W. 228, as corrected in Cox's ed.;
Barwell v . Parker, 2 Ves . 364 ; Shirley v. Ferrers, 1 B. C. C. 41; and see
Stewart v. Noble, Vern. & Scriv . 536 ;
Creuze v. Hunter, 2 Ves. jun. 165;
S. C. 4 B. С. С. 319.
(f) Lloyd v. Williams, 2 Atk.
108; Stewart v. Noble, Vern. & Scriv.
528; Dolman v. Pritman, 3 Ch . Rep .
64; Nels . 136 ; Freem. 133 ; Bath v.
Bradford, 2 Ves . 588, per Lord Hardwicke; and see Tait v. Northwick, 4
Ves . 816; Bothomly v. Fairfax, 1 P.
W. 334, note; Maxwell v. Wettenhall,
2 P. W. 26, ed. by Cox, are overruled.
(g) Shirley v . Ferrers , 1 B. С. С.
41; but see Pearce v. Slocombe, 3
Y. & C. 84.
(h) Jenkins v. Perry, 3 Y. & C. 178 .
711