*433
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
suit for specific performance would have his costs against
the trustee (c), though the trustee, where his conduct was
excusable, might charge them upon the trust estate under
the head of expenses .
30. Timber.-If trustees have a power of sale only, they
cannot sell the estate separate from the timber standing upon
it, though the tenant for life be without impeachment of
waste, and might have cut the timber previously to the sale ;
and a sale so affected is absolutely void (d), unless it be
effected subsequently to 13th August, 1859, when it may
be confirmed by means of a legislative enactment in that
behalf(e) .
31.
Minerals.-It is conceived that no distinction exists
between timber and minerals, for both until severed form an
integral part of the property. And it was accordingly,
before the late Act, decided that the surface could not be sold
apart from the minerals (f) .
* 25 & 26 Vict. c. 108. - But now, by 25 & 26 Vict.
c. 108, trustees and other persons (a) are authorised,
with the previous sanction of the Court of Chancery, to be obtained on petition in a summary way (b), to sell the surface
40.(c) Edwards v. Harvey, G. Coop .
(d) Cholmeley v. Paxton, 3 Bing.
207; 5 Bing . 48; S. C. nom . Cockerell
v. Cholmeley, 10 B. & C. 654; 3 Russ.
565; 1 R. & M. 418; 1 Cl . & Fin. 60.
(e) 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 13.
[As
to the power of a tenant for life
impeachable for waste with the consent of the trustees of the settlement
to cut and sell timber under the Settled Land Act, 1882, see sect. 35 of
thatAct.]
(f) Buckley v. Howell, 29 Beav.
546; as to sales under the Settled
Estates Act, see Re Mallins, 3 Giff.
126; [Re Milward's Estate, 6 L. R.
Eq. 248.]
In settling lands where
there are minerals, it may be convenient to enable the
trustees for sale" as to any of the premises under
which minerals may lie, to sell the surface apart from the minerals , or
to sell the minerals together with, or
apart from, the surface, and to grant
or reserve such rights of way as instroke or out-stroke, and any other
easements in, upon, over, or under
any of the said premises as may be
necessary or desirable for the winning,
working, storing, selling, and carrying
away of any such minerals."
(a) And " other persons " has been
held to comprise
mortgagees; Re
Beaumont's Mortgage Trusts, 12 L.
R. Eq. 86 ; Re Wilkinson's Mortgaged
Estates , 13 L. R. Eq. 634.
(b) Where the power of sale is in
the trustees, with the consent of the
tenant for life, a petition by the trustees must be served on the tenant for
life, but not on the remainderman,
Re Pryse's Estate, 10 L. R. Eq. 531 ;
[Re Nagle's Trusts, 6 Ch. D. 104;]
and the sanction of the Court being
required for the protection of the