*183
[Сн. Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
authority of a trustee, executor, or tenant for life, renew for his own benefit (g) .
7.
Trustee may not sell the right of renewal.-And if, instead of taking a renewal himself, the trustee, executor, or
tenant for life, dispose of the right of renewal for a valuable
consideration, the purchase-money will be subjected in equity
to the trusts of the settlement ; for if a person cannot appropriate the renewal to himself, the Court will not suffer him
to sell for his own benefit (h).
8. What particular circumstances will not vary the general
rule.
In the preceding cases the rule of equity
[*183] will still hold good, * though the lease had not customarily been renewed (a), or the period of the old
lease had actually expired (b), or the renewal was for a different term, or at a different rent (c), or, instead of a chattel
lease, was for lives (d), or other lands were demised not
comprised in the original lease (e), or the landlord refused
to renew to the cestui que trust (f), or the co-trustees
refused to concur in a renewal for the cestui que trust's benefit (g), or the lessee having purchased the immediate reversion, being a term of years, took the renewal from the superior landlord (h) .
9. Nesbitt v. Tredennick .-But where a lessee of lands in
Ireland charged a lease with a jointure, and then mortgaged
it to Newcomen and again to Nesbitt, and afterwards the
rent falling in arrear, the landlord recovered possession upon
ejectment, and the lessee allowed six months (the period of
redemption by the lessee fixed by the statute) to pass with
(d) Eyre v. Dolphin, 2 B. & Β.
3 Atk. 538 ; Mulvany v. Dillon, 1 B.
& Β. 417.
(g) Edwards v . Lewis, 3 Atk. 538.
(h) Owen v . Williams, Amb. 734.
(a) See Featherstonhaugh v. Fenwick, 17 Ves . 298 ; Mulvany v. Dillon,
1 B. & Β. 409 ; Eyre v. Dolphin, 2 B.
& B. 290; Killick v. Flexney, 4B. C.
С. 161 .
(b) Edwards v. Lewis, 3 Atk. 538,
per LordHardwicke.
(c) Mulvany v. Dillon, 1 B. & Β.
409; James v . Dean, 7 Ves . 383 ; S. C.
15 Ves . 236 , &c .
299.
(e) Giddings v. Giddings, 3 Russ .
241; [Re Morgan,18 Ch. D. 93.] But
the lease of the additional lands will
not be a graft, Acheson v. Fair, 2
Conn. & Laws . 208.
(f) Keech v. Sandford, Sel. Ch. Ca.
61; Griffin v . Griffin, 1 Sch. & Lef. 353.
(g) Blewettv . Millett,7 B. P. C. 367.
(h) Giddings v. Giddings, 3 Russ.
241.
254