TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
*558

as any other trustee ; and be liable to the interference of the
Court if the exercise of the discretion is affected by improper motives (b) .

And in a subsequent phase of the same case, the remainderman having offered to purchase the estate for 7,500l., and
undertaken at the bar not to withdraw his offer, an injunction was granted by Kay, J., to restrain the tenant for life
from selling for less than 7,500l., and from entering into any
contract (otherwise than by public auction), for sale of the
estate, or any part thereof, without first communicating the
offer to the remainderman, and giving him two clear days to
make an advance on the price offered (c) .

Effect of
decree
in action to
execute trusts.- It is conceived, that the fact that a decree has been made in a pending action for the execution of the trusts of a will or settlement of realty, will not prevent a tenant for life thereunder
from exercising the powers of the Act without procuring the
consent of the Court.
To require such consent would be to
impose a fetter on the free alienation by the tenant for life
inconsistent with the spirit and terms of the Act.1

11. Notice to trustees.
By sect. 45, sub-sect. (1), the
tenant for life, when intending to make a sale, exchange,
partition, lease, mortgage, or charge, is to give notice of his
intention to each of the trustees of the settlement, and also
to the solicitor for the trustees, if any such solicitor is known
to the tenant for life, by registered letter, posted not less
than one month before the making by the tenant for life of
the sale, exchange, partition, lease, mortgage, or charge, or
of a contract for the same ; and by sub-sect. (2), at the date
of notice given the number of trustees shall not be less than
two, unless a contrary intention is expressed in the settlement.

General
notice
sufficient.
Under
this section it
*was held that a general notice of intention to sell [*558]
or lease all or any part of the settled estate at any
(b) See post, p. 616 ; and see Re
Mansel's Settled Estates, W. N. 1884,
p. 209.
(c) Wheelwright v. Walker, 48
L. T. N. S. 867; 31 W. R. 912.
1So now decided, Cardigan v. Curzon-Howe, 33 W. R. 836 ; 30 Ch . D. 531.
755