CH. VI .

WHEN A TRUST IS PERFECTLY CREATED .
*70

the assistance of the Court to constitute a cestui que trust,
and the instrument is voluntary, you shall not have that
assistance for the purpose of constituting a cestui que trust,
as upon a covenant to transfer stock, &c.; but if the party
has completely transferred stock, &c., though it is voluntary,
yet the legal conveyance being effectually made, the equitable
interest will be enforced by this Court (a).

If, however, the
settlor purport to transfer the legal estate to a trustee, but
the trustee afterwards disclaims, the accident of the disclaimer has been held not to vitiate the deed, but the Court
will appoint a new trustee (b) .

6. Where the property is a legal interest incapable of legal
transfer.
If the subject of the trust be a legal interest, but
one not capable of legal transfer, then whether we look to
principle or authority, there is considerable difficulty.

On
the one hand, it may be urged that in equity the universal
rule is that the Court will not enforce a voluntary agreement
in favour of a volunteer ; and as by the supposition the legal
interest remains in the settlor (who therefore at law retains
the full benefit), a Court of equity will not in the absence of
any consideration deprive him of that interest which he has
not actually parted with.

On the other hand, as the settlor
cannot divest himself of the legal interest, to say that he
shall not constitute another a trustee without passing the
legal interest, would be to debar him from the creation of a
trust in the hands of another at all, and the rule therefore
should be that if the settlor make all the assignment of the
property in his power and perfect the transaction as far as

Russ. & M. 452 ; Meek v. Kettlewell,
1 Hare, 469; Dillon v. Coppin, 4 M.
& Cr. 647; Coningham v. Plunkett, 2
Y. & C. Ch. Ca. 245; Searle v. Law,
15 Sim. 95; Price v. Price. 14 Beav.
598; Bridge v. Bridge, 16 Beav. 315 ;
Weale v. Ollive, 17 Beav. 252 ; Beech
v. Keep, 18 Beav. 285 ; Tatham v.
Vernon, 29 Beav. 604; Dillon v . Bone,
3 Giff. 238 ; Milroy v. Lord, 8 Jur.
N.
S. 806 ; 4 De G. F. & J. 264 ;
Warriner v . Rogers, 16 L. R. Eq. 340 ;
Richards v. Delbridge,18 L. R. Eq. 11 ;
Heartley v. Nicholson, 19 L. R. Eq.
233 ; Batstone v . Salter, 19 L. R. Eq.
250 ; 10 L. R. Ch . App. 431 ; [Bulbeck
v. Silvester, 45 L. J. N. S. Ch . 280;
West v . West, 9 L. R. Ir. 121.]

(a) Ellison v. Ellison, 6 Ves . 662 ;
Antrobus v . Smith,12 Ves . 39; Colman v. Sarrel, 1 Ves. jun. 50 ; S. C. 3
В. С. С. 12 ; Dening v. Ware, 22
Beav. 184; but see Airey v. Hall, 3
Sm. & Gif. 315 ; Kiddill v. Farnell, 3
Sm. & Gif. 428 ; and see Pulvertoft v.
Pulvertoft, 18 Ves . 89.

190.

(b) Jones v . Jones, W. N. 1874, р.
97