*80
[CH. VI.
AGREEMENTS UNDER SEAL .
ments of them could not be defeated (a) .
But now that by
1 & 2 Vict. c. 110, such interests are liable to execution, or
to be charged by a judge's order, the distinction must be considered as obsolete (b) .
[25. Bankruptcy.-Under the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 (c),
a fraudulent conveyance of a person's property, or any part
thereof, is an act of bankruptcy, as also is any conveyance of
property which would be void as a fraudulent preference,
and a voluntary settlement is void as against the trustee in
Bankruptcy if the settlor become bankrupt within two years ;
and if the settlor become bankrupt within ten years it is void,
unless it can be shown that he was solvent at the time without the aid of the property comprised in the settlement, and
that the interest of the settlor in the settled property passed
to the trustee of the settlement on the execution thereof.
26. Settlement of future property on marriage.
Under
the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 (d), a covenant or contract made
in consideration of marriage for the future settlement on the
settlor's wife or children of any property wherein he had not
at the date of the marriage any estate or interest, and not
being property of the wife, is on his becoming bankrupt
before the property is actually transferred pursuant to the
covenant or contract, void against the trustee in the bankruptcy.]
27. Whether a Court of equity will enforce specific performance of agreements under seal where there is no valuable consideration. - As every agreement under hand and seal carries
a consideration upon the face of it, and will support an action at law, the inference has not unfrequently been drawn,
that equity in such a case, though the trust was not perfectly
created, will specifically execute the contract in favour of volunteers (e) .
But equity never enforced a covenant to stand
seised to the use of a stranger in blood ; and, if we examine
(a) Grogan v. Cooke, 2 B. & Β.
230; Cochrane v. Chambers, Amb. 79,
note 1; Rider v. Kidder, 10 Ves. 368 ;
Dundas v. Dutens, 2 Cox, 235; 1 Ves .
J. 196.
(b) Norcutt v. Dodd, Cr. & Ph.
100; Sims v. Thomas, 12 A. & Ε.
536; Barrack v. McCulloch, 3 K. &
J. 110.
[(c) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 52, ss. 4 &
47.]
See Ex parte Dawson, 19 L. R.
Eq. 433.
[(d) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 52, s. 47.]
(e) See Wiseman v. Roper, 1 Ch.
110