*29
[CH. III . S. 1.
TRAITORS AND OUTLAWs.
could not from that time affect the pernancy of the profits of
his real estate, or make any settlement of his personal estate .
15. 33& 34 Vict. c. 23.-Now, by 33 & 34 Vict. c. 23, it
is enacted by sect. 1 that " from and after the passing of the
Act (4th July, 1870), no confession, verdict, inquest, conviction or judgment of or for any treason or felony, or felo de
se, shall cause any attainder or corruption of blood, or any
forfeiture or escheat, provided that nothing in the Act shall
affect the law of forfeiture consequent upon outlawry."
After defining by sect. 6, a " convict" to be " any person
against whom, after the passing of the Act, judgment of
death or of penal servitude, shall have been pronounced upon
a charge of treason or felony," the Act proceeds by sect. 8
to declare that a convict, while he is such, shall not
[*29]
bring any action or suit for recovery of any property, debt, or damage, and shall be incapable of
alienation (a) and then sect. 9 empowers the Crown to
appoint
" an administrator " of the convict's property, in
whom, upon appointment, all the real and personal estate
of the convict is made by sect. 10 to vest, and such administrator is enabled by sect. 12 to let, mortgage, sell, convey,
and transfer any part of the convict's property, and by subsequent sections to pay debts and liabilities, &c., and to
make allowances for the support of any wife or child or
reputed child, or other relative or reputed relative of such
convict dependent upon him for support, or for the benefit
of the convict himself while at large upon licence.
Subject as above, the property is, by sect. 18, to be held in
(trust for the convict, his heirs, or legal personal representatives, or other persons entitled ; and on his ceasing to be
subject to the operation of the Act (see sect. 7) is to revest
in the convict or the persons claiming under him.
In the absence of an administrator appointed by the
Crown, an " interim curator " may, by sect. 21, be appointed
by Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions, and by sect. 24
[(a) This, however, will not prevent
the convict from paying his debts and
applying his property for that purpose.
The object of the section is to
prevent the convict from improperly
diverting his property either from his
creditors or from his family.
Ex
parte Graves, 19 Ch. D. 1.]
34