*393
[CH. XVII. S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES

From this judgment may be inferred the principle that where
the settlor (whether a parent, or standing in loco parentis, or
a stranger) settles an estate upon a particular family, and
means to provide for all the family by limiting the estate to
one and portions to the others, there no one of them shall
under the same settlement take the estate and a portion also,
but in such cases the Court will, if necessary, disregard the
strictly literal meaning of the words eldest and younger, and
carry out the substantial intention.

9. General rule.
This point however remains to be settled, and the only general rule to be laid down at present is
that where the settlor is the parent or stands loco parentis,
and portions are provided for younger children, and the
estate upon which the portions are charged devolves (before
the time for distribution of the portions) on one of the children, under the same settlement or under a settlement
incorporated into it (b), there the words " eldest child " and
" younger children " are capable of what has been called " a
prodigious latitude of construction," viz., an eldest may be
treated as a younger, and a younger as an eldest; but that
where portions are provided for younger children, and the
estate either does not devolve before the time for distribution
of the portions on any of the children, or does not so devolve
under the settlement creating the charge or a settlement
incorporated in it by recital or otherwise, there the words
" eldest child " and " younger children " receive their ordinary
and natural interpretation.

Secondly.
Who are meant by younger children where the
estate charged is not settled on an “ eldest ” son .
1. Where no one is made an eldest son.
We now proceed
to the cases where a settlor provides portions for younger
children generally, without the ingredient that one
is to take the estate and the others to have the
(b) See Stanhope v. Collingwood, 4 L. R. Eq . 286 ; Collingwood v. Stanhope, 4 L. R. H. L. 43.
536