*199
[Сн. ХІ.
DISCLAIMER .
of disclaimer (g) ; but a person would act very imprudently,
who allowed so important a question as whether he is a trustee or not to remain matter of construction.
9. After disclaimer, the trustee may act as agent to the trust.
After renunciation of the trust, whether by express disclaimer, or by conduct which is tantamount to it, a trustee
may assist as agent, or act under a letter of attorney, in
the management of the estate without incurring responsibility (h) ; but the caution need scarcely be suggested, that all
such interference cannot be too scrupulously avoided before
the fact of the renunciation of the trust has been most unquestionably established; and where the person named as
trustee is to receive a profit from his agency, this naturally
excites a suspicion in the mind of the Court (i) .
10. How estate devested from the trustee.
On a grant or
other conveyance to a trustee, though upon onerous trusts,
the estate passes to him without any express assent but subject to the right of dissenting (j), and what will amount to
a disclaimer at law, so as to devest the estate, is a distinct
question from the disclaimer of the office in equity.
Freeholds may be disclaimed by deed.-It was formerly
held (at least such was the clear opinion of Lord
[*199] * Coke), that a freehold, whether vested in a person
by feoffment, grant (a), or devise (b), could not be
disclaimed but by matter of record ; and the reason upon
which this maxim was founded, was that the suitor might be
more certainly apprised who was the tenant to the præcipe (c) .
But the doctrine of modern times is, that disclaimer by mat(g) Stacey v . Elph , 1 M. & Κ.
195; White v. M'Dermott, 7 I. R.
C. L. 1.
(h) Dove v . Everard, 1 R. & Μ.
231;
Harrison v. Graham, 3 Hill's
MSS. 239 , cited 1 P. W. 241, 6th ed. note ( ) ; Stacey v. Elph, 1 M. & K,
195; Lowry v. Fulton, 9 Sim. 104;
Montgomery v. Johnson, 11 Ir. Eq.
Rep. 480.
(i) Montgomery v. Johnson, 11 Ir.
Eq. Rep. 481.
380 .(j) Siggers v. Evans, 5 Ell. & Bl .
(a) Butlerand Baker's case, 3 Rep.
26 a, 27 a ; Anon. case, 4 Leon. 207 ;
Shepp. Touch . 285.
(b) Bonifant v. Greenfield, Godb .
79, per Lord Coke; but at the re-hearing (Cr.
Eliz. 80) it was adjudged
that three could pass the whole estate,
the fourth having disclaimed by act
in pais ; and see Shepp. Touch. 452.
(c) Butler and Baker's case, 3 Rep.
26, b.
274