*434
[CH. XVIII. S. L.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
of the securities sold out (being trusts for the benefit of the
parents and issue), and with a direction that the purchase
to be so made shall be "deemed personal estate for all the
purposes of the settlement and go accordingly," but without a general receipt clause, a trust for reconversion is implied,
and the trustees can sell and sign a valid receipt (a) .
[Trustees of personal estate whose trust authorises them
to call in the trust property and invest the proceeds and vary the investments have an implied power of sale over real
estate covenanted to be settled upon similar trusts (b).]
35. Sale may be by private contract or by auction.-The
sale may be conducted by public auction or private contract,
as the one or the other mode may be most advantageous,
according to the circumstances of the case (c), and of course
it is not an essential preliminary to a sale by private contract
that the trustees should have previously attempted a sale by
auction or even have inserted a public advertisement that
the property was for sale (d).
And it was held under the
old Insolvent Debtors' Act, 7 Geo. 4, c. 57, s. 20, directing a
sale by auction, that the assignees of the insolvent might sell
a real estate by private contract, after an ineffectual attempt
to dispose of it by auction (e). And, again, though the subsequent Insolvent Debtors' Act, 1 & 2 Vict. c. 110, s. 47,
directed the assignees of insolvents to sell " in such manner"
as the major part, in value, of the creditors should direct, yet
in a case where the creditors resolved that there should be a
reserved bidding of 325l., and the assignees sold by auction
for 310l. , it was held that the clause was merely directory,
and that the deviation from the resolution of the creditors
did not, therefore, vitiate the sale (f) .
(a) Tait v . Lathbury, 35 Beav.
112; and see Master v. De Croismar,
11 Beav. 184.
[(b) Re Garnett Orme and Hargreaves' Contract, 25 Ch. D. 595.]
(c) See Ex parte Dunman, 2 Rose,
66; Ex parte Hurly, 2 D. & C. 631 ;
Ex parte Ladbroke, 1 Mont. & A.
384; Davey v . Durrant, 1 De G. & J.
535. As to trusts created since 28th
Aug. 1860, the legislature has now
enacted to this effect, unless the settlement direct to the contrary ; 23 &
24 Vict. c. 145, s. 1; [(repealed by
45 & 46 Vict. c. 38, s. 64, as to which
see post, p. 436, note (a)) ; 44 & 45
Vict. c. 41, s . 35.]
(d) See Davey v. Durrant, 1 De
G.& J. 535; and see Harper v . Hayes,
2 Giff. 210; 2 De G. & J. 542.
(e) Mather v. Priestman,9 Sim.352.
(f) Wright v. Maunder, 4 Beav.
592