*441
[CH. XVIII. S. 1,
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
And by the 66th section, trustees and their solicitors are
exonerated from all liability for omitting to exclude the
application of the above-mentioned stipulations to any
contract they may enter into, but nothing in the act is to
make the adoption in connection with any contract of any
further or other stipulations improper.]
47. Clearing the title.
Trustees for sale may do all reasonable acts which they are professionally advised are proper
for the purpose of clearing the title and completing the
sale (b) .
48.
Succession duty. - Trustees for sale who are to stand
possessed of the proceeds upon trust for one person for life
with remainder to another, can, whether the sale be or not
exercisable with the consent of the tenant for life or of the
successor,
i.e., the remainderman, give a good title to the
purchaser free from succession duty ; for the duty
[*441] * attaches on the interest of the successor, i.e., the
money in the hands of the trustees who are responsible, and the sale is by a title which is paramount to the
successor's interest ; and if the sale is to be by consent, the
power of selling free from the duty is by the act not to be
thereby prejudiced (a) .
So trustees for sale who are to
stand possessed of the proceeds to pay legacies can pass the
estate free from duty, for the succession duty does not
attach where legacy duty is payable (b), and the legacy
duty is not a charge on the estate, but is payable in respect
of the proceeds in the hands of the trustees (c) .
49. Hardship.
The Court will not enforce a contract
against trustees where it presses with extreme hardship.
Thus, where trustees, not being apprised of the real amount
of the incumbrances upon an estate, entered into a personal
engagement with the purchaser to clear off all incumbrances,
the Court would not compel the trustees to fulfil their con(b) Forshaw v. Higginson, 8 De G.
M. & G. 827 .
(a) 16 & 17 Vict. c. 51, ss. 42, 44;
see Harding v. Harding, 2 Giff. 597 ;
Hobson v . Neale, 8 Exch. 368 ; Earl
Howe v. Earl of Lichfield, 2 L. R. Ch .
App. 155; Dugdale v. Meadows, 9 L.
R. Eq. 212, affirmed on app. 6 L. R.
Ch. App. 501.
(b) As to leaseholds, see 16 and 17
Vict. c. 51 , ss. 1 and 19.
(c) 16 & 17 Vict. c. 51, s. 18.