*482
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
EXECUTORS' RECEIPTS .
cient, it would be necessary in a suit to make the administrators of B. and C. parties as cestuis que trust, a thing quite
unheard of in practice.
In an extreme case, however, where
an administrator who was beneficially entitled to one-fourth,
filed a bill one hundred and fifty years after the intestate's
decease, the Court, while it admitted the plaintiff's legal title
to the whole, refused to order payment to him of the other
three-fourths, which apparently belonged in equity to other
parties (a) .
ζ. Sale by banker by direction of executor.-An agent is
accountable to his principal only, and therefore if an executor employ a banker to sell out part of the testator's stock
and remit the proceeds to him, it seems the banker, though
he has reason to believe that a misapplication is intended, is
bound to transfer the money to the executor, and does not
thereby render himself accountable.
A contrary doctrine
would carry the principle of constructive trust to an inconvenient and, indeed, to an impracticable length (b) ;
[and
(a) Loy v. Duckett, Cr. & Ph. 305 .
[In a recent case, in 1885, where
stock standing in the name of an
owner, who died in 1791, had been
transferred to the Commissioners for
the reduction of the National Debt,
and an inquiry was directed upon
petition who were the persons entitled
to the fund, the Court directed that
the beneficial title should be inquired
into as regarded all the shares to
which the legal personal representatives of persons who died before 1871
were entitled; Ex parte Roskrow, W.
Ν. 1885, p. 3.]
(b) Keane v . Robarts, 4 Mad. 332,
see 356, 359 ; and see Davis v . Spurling, 1 R. & M. 64 ; S. C. Taml. 199;
London Chartered Bank of Australia
v. Lemprière, 4 L. R. P. C. 585 ; [The
New Zealand and Australian Land
Company v. Watson, 7 Q. B. D. 374 ;
reversing S.
C.
5
Q.
B. D. 474 ;]
Crisp v. Spranger, Nels. 109 ; Saville
v. Tancred, 3 S. W. 141, note; Exparte
Barnwell, 6 De G. M. & G. 801 ; Gray
v. Johnston, 3 L. R. H. L. 1.
In this
case, before the House of Lords, the
doctrine as laid down by Lord Cairns
was, that on the one hand bankers
were not on grounds of mere suspicion or curiosity, to refuse to honour the cheque of an executor or
trustee, being their customer, and
on the other hand, that bankers were
not, under shelter of that title, to be
at liberty to become parties or privies
to abreach of trust, and to pay away
trust money when they knew it was
going to be misapplied, and for the
purpose of its being so misapplied;
and he stated the result of the cases
to be, that to justify a banker in
refusing payment, 1. There must be
a misapplication or breach of trust
actually intended.
2. The bankers
must be privy to such intended misapplication or breach of trust, and 3,
That any personal benefit
to
the
bankers designed or stipulated for,
would be the strongest evidence of
such privity, Ib. p. 11.
But the principle enunciated by Lord Westbury
went further, for he said that a banker
could not be allowed to set up the
jus tertii against the order of his own
banker, and thus it was held that if
a banker had notice that an executor
or trustee was about to misapply trust
money, he must refuse payment, or
be guilty of aiding and abetting a
breach of trust (c) .
[and
(c) Crisp v. Spranger, Nels. 109 ; Saville
v. Tancred, 3 S. W. 141, note; Exparte
Barnwell, 6 De G. M. & G. 801 ;
Gray v. Johnston, 3 L. R. H. L. 1.
]