*21

* CHAPTER III.

OF THE PARTIES TO THE CREATION OF A TRUST.

Now that we have defined and distributed trusts, we shall next enter upon the creation of them: First, By the act of a party, and Secondly, By operation of Law.

Upon the subject of the former class we propose to treat, First, Of the necessary parties to the creation of a trust ; Secondly, What property may be made the subject of a trust ; Thirdly, With what formalities a trust may be created ; Fourthly, Of Transmutation of Possession ; Fifthly, What may be the object or scope of the trust ; and Sixthly, In what language a trust may be declared.

In this chapter, we shall consider the necessary parties to a trust, under the three heads of the Settlor,¹ the Trustee, and the Cestui que trust.

SECTION I.
OF THE SETTLOR.

1. General power creating a trust.
As the creation of a trust is a modification of property in a particular form, it may be laid down as a general rule that whoever is competent to deal with the legal estate, may, if he be so disposed, vest it in a trustee for the purpose of executing the settlor's intention.

2. The Crown.
- The sovereign, as to his private property, may, by letters patent, grant it to one person upon trust for another (a).
But the trust must appear upon the face of the letters patent ; for if the grant be expressed to be
(a) Bac. on Uses, 66.

1 The settlor's intent must be carried into effect unless it contravenes some policy of the law.
Wright v. Miller, 8 N. Y. 9 ; 59 Am. Dec. 438 .
2 In the United States, a state may be a settlor.
Commissioners v. Walker,
6How. (Miss.) 143; 38 Am. Dec. 433.
24