CH . XXII .

TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
*564
tive to the working of mines or minerals therein or in other
land.
(8). In purchase, either in fee simple, or for a term of
sixty years or more, of mines and minerals convenient to be
held or worked with the settled land, or of any easement,
right, or privilege convenient to be held with the settled land
for mining or other purposes .
(9) . In payment to any person becoming absolutely entitled or empowered to give an absolute discharge.
(10) . In payment of costs, charges, and expenses of or
incidental to the exercise of any of the powers, or the execution of any of the provisions, of the Act.
(11) . In any other mode in which money produced by the
exercise of a power of sale in the settlement is applicable
thereunder.

Improvements
under
Agricultural
Holdings
Act.
And
under the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883 (c) ,
capital money arising under the Settled Land Act, 1882, may
be applied in payment of any monies expended and costs
incurred by a landlord under the former Act in the execution
of any improvement mentioned in the first or second
parts of the schedule thereto (d), as * for an improve- [*564]
ment authorised by the Settled Land Act; and such
(c) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 61, s. 29 .
(d) The first part of the schedule
relates to improvements to which the
landlord's consent is required, and
comprises :
(1.) Erection or enlargement of
buildings.
(2.) Formation of silos. As to
the Court authorizing the formation of silos, see Re Broadwater
Estate, 33 W. R. 738.
(3.) Laying down of permanent
pasture.
(4.) Making and planting of osier
beds .
(5.) Making of water meadows
or works of irrigation .
(6.) Making of gardens .
(7.) Making
or improving
of
roads or bridges .
(8.) Making
or improving
of
watercourses, ponds, wells , or reservoirs, or of works for the application of water power or for supply
of water for agricultural or domestic purposes.
(9.) Making of fences .
(10.) Planting of hops.
(11.) Planting
of orchards
or
fruit bushes .
(12.) Reclaiming of waste land.
(13.) Warping of land.
(14.) Embankment and
sluices
against floods .

The second part of the schedule
relates to drainage an improvement
in respect of which notice to the landlord is required.