CH. XIV. S. 6.

DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
*361
major part of them, shall be at liberty to transfer or deposit
such stocks or securities into or in the name of the Accountant-General (c), with his privity, in the matter of the particular trust subject to the orders of the said Court, and in
every such case the receipt of one of the cashiers of the said
Bank for the money so paid, or the certificate of the proper
officer of the transfer or deposit of such stocks or securities ,
shall be a sufficient discharge to such trustees or other persons for the money so paid, or the stocks or securities so
transferred or deposited.

II. That such orders as shall seem fit shall from [*361]
time to time be made by the Court of Chancery in
respect of the trust moneys, stocks, funds or securities so
paid in, transferred and deposited as aforesaid, and for the
investment and payment of any such moneys, or of any dividends or interest on any such stocks or securities, and for the
transfer or delivery out of any such stocks and securities,
and for the administration of any such trusts generally upon
a petition to be presented in a summary way; and service of
such a petition shall be made on such persons as the Court
shall direct ; and every order made upon any such petition
shall have the same effect as if the same had been made in a
suit regularly instituted ; and if it shall appear that any such
trust funds cannot safely be distributed without the institution of one or more suit or suits, the Court may direct any
such suit or suits to be instituted.

52. 12 & 13 Vict. c. 74. - This Act did not enable the
major part of trustees to pay in or transfer a fund where the
other trustees had a legal control over the fund and would not
concur.
But by 12 & 13 Vict. c. 74, it was enacted, that
where moneys, annuities, stocks, or securities were vested in
persons as trustees, executors, administrators, or otherwise,
and the major part of them were desirous of transferring the
funds into Court under the Trustees Relief Act, the Court,
on a petition presented under the said Act for that purpose,
might direct the transfer by the major part, without the concurrence of the rest, and might make an order on the necessary parties to permit such a transfer.

(c) Now the Paymaster General ; see 35 & 36 Vict. c. 44, ss. 4, 6.
497