*620
CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS .
[CH. XXIII. S. 2.
and the other judges had agreed upon that course (c).
On
a petition by the trustees where the beneficiaries were infants
absolutely entitled, it was held that the infants need not be
served (d) . And on a petition by trustees for the opinion
of the Court as to the propriety of certain proposed investments, it was held that no one need be served (e). And so
the Court dispensed with service on any party, where the
question submitted to the Court by trustees was, whether
they could make an advancement to a child out of a share
to which the child was presumptively entitled (f) .
23. No appeal, &c.-As the Act does not give any right of
appeal, it was not intended to authorise adjudications upon
nice questions of law (g).
The object of the Act was to
procure for trustees at a small expense the assistance of the
Court upon points of minor importance arising in the management of the trust.
Thus the Court, upon the petition of
the trustees of a fund for the separate use of a married
woman, a lunatic not so found by inquisition, has sanctioned
the payment of the annual produce to the husband, he
undertaking to apply the same for the benefit of his wife
and family (h) .
So the Court will advise trustees as to
investment of trust funds, payment of debts or legacies , &c . (i) ;
and whether trustees of a remainder can with propriety concur with the owner of the particular estate in the sale of the
fee simple (j) ; and whether trustees can properly grant a
lease upon certain terms (k) ; exercise a power of
[*620] sale (l) ; or a power of maintenance or * advancement
under the circumstances stated (a) ; and whether
calls on shares in companies should be borne by the testator's
(c) Re Green's Trust, 6 Jur. N. S.
530.
(d) Re Tuck's Trusts, W. N. 1865,
p. 15.
(e) Re French's Trusts, 15 L. R.
Eq. 68.
(f) Re Larken's Trust, W. N. 1872,
p.85.
(g) Re Mockett's Will, Johns. 628.
(h) Re Spiller, 6 Jur. N. S. 386 ;
Trust, W. N. 1868, p. 233; Re Murray's Trusts, W. N. 1868, p. 195; Re
Tuck's Trusts, W. N. 1869, p. 15.
(j) Earl Poulett v. Hood, 5 L. R.
Eq. 116.
(k) Re Lee's Trusts, W. N. 1875,
p.61.
(l) Re Stone's Settlement, W. N.
1874, p. 4.
(a) Re Kershaw's Trusts, 6 L. R.
Eq. 322 ; Re Breed's Will, 1 Ch. D.
[Re T - 15 Ch. D. 78.]
(i) Re Lorenz's Settlement, 1 Dr.
& Sm. 401 ; Re Knowles's Settlement
226.
836