*68
[CH. VI.
WHEN A TRUST IS PERFECTLY CREATED.
settlor himself contemplates some further act for the purpose
of giving it completion (b) .
2. Where the settlor declares
himself a trustee.- If the settlor proposes to convert himself into a trustee, then the
trust is perfectly created, and will be enforced so soon as
the settlor has executed an express declaration of
[*68]
trust, intended to * be final and binding upon him,
and in this case it is immaterial whether the nature
of the property be legal or equitable, whether it be capable
or incapable of transfer (a).1
(b) Cotteen v . Missing, 1 Mad. 176 ;
Bayley v. Boulcott, 4 Russ. 345; Dipple v. Corles, 11 Hare, 183 ; Jones v .
Lock , 1 L. R. Ch. App. 25 ; Lister v.
Hodgson, 4 L. R. Eq. 30 ; Heartley v.
Nicholson,19 L. R. Eq. 233.
(a) Gee v. Liddell, 35 Beav. 621 ;
Morgan v. Malleson, 10 L. R. Eq.
475; Armstrong v. Timperon, W. N.
1871, p. 4 ; Ex parte Pye, or Ex parte
Dubost, 18 Ves. 140 ; Thorpe v. Owen,
5 Beav . 224 ; Stapleton v. Stapleton,
14 Sim. 186 ; Vandenberg v. Palmer,
4 Kay & J. 204; Searle v. Law, 15
Sim. 99; Steele v. Waller, 28 Beav.
466; Paterson v. Murphy, 11 Hare,
88; Drosier v. Brereton, 15Beav. 221;
Bentley v. Mackay, 15 Beav. 12;
Bridge v . Bridge, 16 Beav. 315; Gray
v. Gray, 2 Sim. N. S. 273 ; Wilcocks
v. Hannyngton, 5 Ir. Ch. Rep. 38 ;
[Kelly v . Walsh, 1 L. R. Ir. 275 ; Re
Shield, W. N. 1884, p. 127. Re Shield,
has been reversed on appeal, W. N.
1885, p. 83.]
In the case of McFadden v. Jenkyns, 1 Hare, 471; Sir J.
Wigram expressed himself more cautiously than was necessary, as to the
jurisdiction of the Court in enforcing
a trust against the settlor himself, and
suggested several accompanying circumstances as material to the establishment of such a trust.
" If," he
said, " the owner of property having
the legal interest in himself, were to
execute an instrument by which he
declared himself a trustee foranother,
and had disclosed that instrument to
the cestui que trust, and afterwards
acted upon it, that might perhaps be
sufficient; or a Court of equity, adverting to what Lord Eldon said in
Ex parte Dubost, might not be bound
to inquire further into an equitable
title so established in evidence."
1 VOLUNTARY AGREEMENTS .- Trust not perfectly created.- Where there
is an intention merely to create a trust, and the settlor must take further
action, it cannot be enforced ; Evans v. Battle,19 Ala. 398 ; Swan v. Frick,
34 Md. 139 ; Lanterman v. Abernathy, 47 Ill. 437; Minturn v. Seymour, 4
Johns . Ch. 498; Banks v. May, 3 A. K. Marsh, 435.
Trust perfectly created.-If nothing further remains for the settlor to do,
the trust will be executed, except as against creditors and bona fide purchasers
without notice, though there has been no change of possession ; Stone v.
Hackett, 12 Gray, 227; Lane v. Ewing, 31 Mo. 75 ; Howard v . Bank, 40 Vt.
597; Padfield v. Padfield, 68 III. 210; Graham v. Lambert, 5 Humph. 595; the
transfer of certificates of stock is sufficient to pass the title; Sherwood v .
Andrews, 2 Allen, 79; Blasdel v. Locke, 52 N. H. 238; Millspaugh v. Putnam,
16 Abb. Pr. 380 ; without any change upon the corporation books ; Eames v .
Wheeler, 19 Pick. 444; Sargent v. Ins . Co. 8 Pick. 96 ; Quiner v. Marblehead
92