*150
[CH. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
In trusts for sale, the undisposed of proceeds result to the
heir, not the executor.- First.
If real estate be devised upon
trust to sell for a particular purpose, and that purpose either
wholly fails or does not exhaust the proceeds, the part that
remains unapplied, whether the estate has been actually sold
or not, will result to the testator's heir, and not to his next
of kin (d), and if the testator was seised of the
[*150] * estate ex parte materna, the undisposed of interest will result to the maternal heir (a). And the
whole or surplus will result in this manner, though the proceeds of the realty be blended with personal estate in the
formation of one common fund (6) .
The conversion is only for the purposes of the will. -And
even an express declaration that the proceeds of the sale
shall be considered as part of the testator's personal estate
will not prevent the operation of the rule (c) ; for a direction of this kind is construed to extend to the purposes of
Evans, 4 Ves. 21 ; Walton v. Walton,
14 Ves . 322; Irvine v. Sullivan, 8 L.
R. Eq. 673 .
(d) Starkey v. Brooks, 1 P. W.
390; Randall v. Bookey, Pr. Ch. 162;
Stonehouse v. Evelyn, 3 P. W. 252;
Robinson v . Taylor, 2 B. С. С. 589 ;
Cruse v. Barley, 3 P. W. 20 ; Buggins
v. Yates, 2 Eq. Ca. Ab. 508; Hill v.
Cock, 1 V. & B. 173; City of London
v. Garway, 2 Vern. 571 ; Nicholls v.
Crisp, cited Croft v. Slee, 4 Ves. 65;
Whitehead v. Bennett, 1 Eq. Rep.
560; Digby v. Legard, 2 Dick. 500 ;
Spink v. Lewis, 3 B. C. C. 355 ; Chitty
v. Parker, 4 В. С. С. 411; Collins v .
Wakeman, 2 Ves. jun. 683 ; Howse
v . Chapman, 4 Ves. 542; Williams v.
Coade, 10 Ves. 500 ; Berry v. Usher,
11 Ves . 87; Gibbs v. Rumsey, 2 Ves .
& B. 294; Maugham v. Mason, 1 V.
& B. 410; Wilson v. Major, 11 Ves .
205; Wright v. Wright, 16 Ves . 188 ;
Hooper v. Goodwin, 18 Ves . 156 ;
Jones v . Mitchell, 1 S. & S. 290 ; Page
v . Leapingwell, 18 Ves. 463 ; Gibbs v.
Ougier, 12 Ves. 416; M'Cleland v.
Shaw, 2 Sch. & Lef. 545; Mogg v.
Hodges, 2 Ves . 52 ; Eyre v. Marsden,
2 Keen, 564 ; Ex parte Pring, 4 Y. &
C. 507; Watson v. Hayes , 5 M. & Cr.
125; Davenport v. Coltman, 12 Sim .
610; Runnett v. Foster, 7 Beav. 540;
Marriott v. Turner, 20 Beav. 557 ;
Smith v. Harding, W. N. 1874, p. 101;
Watson v. Arundel, 10 I. R. Eq. 299;
&c . Note, Countess of Bristol v. Hungerford, 2 Vern. 645, is misreported
see Rogers v. Rogers, 3 P. W. 194,
note (C).
(a) Hutcheson v. Hammond, 3 B.
С. С. 128 .
(b) Ackroyd v. Smithson, 1 B. C.
C. 503; Jessopp v. Watson, 1 M. & K.
665; Salt v. Chattaway, 3 Beav. 576.
(c) Collins v. Wakeman, 2 Ves .
jun. 683 ; and see Amphlett v. Parke,
2 R. & M. 226 ; Field v. Peckett (No.
1), 29Beav. 568.
Ogle v. Cook, cited
in Fletcher v. Ashburner, 1 B. C. C.
502, and in Akroyd v. Smithson, id.
513, was for a long time considered
contra; but in Collins v. Wakeman,
2 Ves . jun . 686, Lord Loughborough
had the Reg. Lib. searched, and it
was found the point had been left
undecided .
208