*449
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR
SALE .
channel by which it may reach the hands of the vendor, and
the vendor by his agent delivers a receipt for it to the purchaser, the vendor cannot afterwards throw the loss of
the money on the purchaser (f) .
66. Deposit money. -When trustees sell by auction, the
auctioneer is their agent, and the trustees will be answerable if they improperly trusted him, or be guilty of any unnecessary delay in recovering the deposit from him (g) .
67.
Trustees bound to answer inquiries.- Trustees for sale
for payment for debts are of course bound at any time to
answer inquiries by the author of the trust, or the persons
claiming under him, as to what estates have been sold and
what debts have been paid (h) .
[*449]
* 68. Custody of vouchers.-When the affairs of
the trust have been finally settled, the trustees will
be entitled to the possession of the vouchers as their discharge
to the cestuis que trust; but the cestuis que trust will have
a right to the inspection of them (a); but not to copies
without paying for them.
69. Land discharged when money raised.-The land is discharged so soon as the fund has been actually raised, even
though the proceeds may be misapplied, and do not reach
their proper destination. The remedy of the parties aggrieved
is against the trustees personally, without any lien upon the
estate (b) .
And if a legacy be charged on land (either by
the creation of a term or without a term), on the insufficiency
of the personal estate, and the personal estate was originally
sufficient, but becomes insufficient by the devastavit of the
executor, the land is discharged (c) unless the devisees of
the land are also the persons by whose default the insufficiency arose (d) .
239 .
(f) West v . Jones, 1 Sim. N. S. 205.
(g) See Edmonds v. Peake, 7 Beav.
(h) Clarke v. Earl of Ormonde,
Jac. 120, per Lord Eldon.
(a) Ib. per eundem .
(b) Anon. 1 Salk. 153 ; Juxon v.
Brian, Pr. Ch. 143 ; Carter v. Barnardiston,
1 P. W. 505 ;
see 518 ;
Hutchinson v. Massareene, 2 B. & B.
49; and see Omerod v. Hardman, 5
Ves . 736 ; Dunch v . Kent, 1 Vern.
260; Culpepper v. Aston, 2 Ch. Ca.
115; Harrison v. Cage, 2 Vern. 85 ;
Hepworth v. Hill, 30 Beav. 476.
(c) Richardson v. Morton, 13 L. R.
Eq. 123.
But see contra, Re Massey,
14 Ir. Rep. 355 .
(d) Humble v. Humble, 2 Jur. 696 ;
Howard v . Chaffers , 2 Dr. & Sm. 236.