*59
[CH. V. S. 3.
STATUTES OF WILLS.
[*59]
* 3. Where no trust appears on the will and no
fraud.- If a testator, by his will, devise an estate, and
the devisee, so far as appears on the face of the will, is intended
to take the beneficial interest, and the testator leaves a declaration of trust not duly attested, and not communicated to the
devisee and assented to by him in the testator's lifetime, the
devisee is the party entitled both to the legal and beneficial
interest: for the estate was well devised by the will, and the
informal declaration of trust is not admissible in evidence (a) .
531.]
The law laid down by Jenkins,
3 Cent. Cas . 26, is founded on mistake,
as from the report of the case in Fitzherb . Ab . Devise, 22, it appears that
the beneficial interest was decreed to
the heir, not, as Jenkins supposed, of
the devisee, but of the testator.
In Metham v. Devon, 1 P. W. 529,
a testator by his will directed his executors to pay 3000l. as he should by
deed appoint, and subsequently by
deed appointed the 3000l. to certain
children, and the Court established
the gift to the children on the ground
that the deed referred to the will, and
was part thereof, and in the nature of
a codicil.
It does not appear whether
the deed had been proved with the
will, but it might have been, as, though
a deed in form, it was of a testamentary character.
If the deed was not
proved, or assumed to have been
proved, it is difficult to find any principle upon which the case can be supported from the brief statement of it
inthe report.
In Inchiquin v. French, 1 Cox, 1, a
testator devised all his real estate,
charged with debts and legacies, in
strict settlement, and gave a legacy of
20,000/. to Sir Wm. Wyndham; by a
deed poll of even date with his will,
the testator declared that the 20,000/.
was given to Sir Wm. Wyndhamupon
trust for Lord Clare. " The deed poll,"
adds Mr. Cox, the reporter, " does not
appear to have been proved as a testamentary paper; " and according to
the same report, Lord
Hardwicke
decreed that the legacy of 20,000l.
given to Sir Wm. Wyndham, and by
the codicil declared to be in trust for
Lord Clare, was a subsisting legacy.
It might be inferred from this statement, that Lord Hardwicke admitted
the deed poll as a declaration of trust;
but it will be observed that he calls it
a codicil, and from the report of the
same case in Ambler, p. 33, we learn
the facts, viz., that Lord Clare was
out of the jurisdiction, and Lord
Hardwicke declined to entertain the
question as to Lord Clare's right in
his absence; but the counsel, for all
parties, desiring his Lordship to determine whether, assuming the legacy
to be valid, it was to be paid out of
the real or personal estate, his Lordship held, that as the will contained
a general charge of legacies and the
gift by the codicil, though not attested according to the Statute of
Frauds, was a legacy, it was raisable
primarily out of the personal estate,
and then out of the real estate.
This
was the only point determined by
him.
The dictum of Lord Northington,
in Boson v. Statham, 1 Eden. 514, is
clearly not law; see Adlington v.
Cann, 3 Atk. 151; Muckleston
Brown, 6 Ves . 67; Stickland v. Aldridge, 9 Ves. 519 ; and see Puleston
v. Puleston, Finch, 312.
(a) Adlington v. Cann, 3 Atk. 141;
Juniper v. Batchelor, 19 L. T. N. S.
200; and see Stickland v. Aldridge, 9
Ves. 519; and the observations of Sir
J. L. K. Bruce in Briggs v. Penny, 3
De G. & Sm. 547 .