*137
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
Cottenham, alluding to that case, observed, " It was there laid down as a rule which I have since acted upon, that
though ' recommendation ' may in some cases amount to a direction and create a trust,yet, that being a flexible term, if
such a construction of it be inconsistent with any positive provision in the will, it is to be considered as a recommendation and nothing more.
In that case the interest supposed
to be given to the party recommended was inconsistent with
the other powers which the trustees were to exercise, and
those powers being given in unambiguous terms, it was held
that as the two provisions could not stand together, the flexible term was to give way to the inflexible term " (e) .
8.
Trustees of this kind not always so strictly bound as in a common trust.
If a trust be created, it does not follow that
it shall be equally restrictive, as in the case of a clear ordinary trust.
Thus, an estate was devised to A. and her heirs,
" in the fullest confidence " that after her decease she would
devise the property to the family of the testator ; and Lord
Eldon asked, if there were any case in which the doctrine
had been carried so far, that the tenant in fee was not at liberty, with respect to timber and mines, to treat the estate in
the same husbandlike manner as another tenant in fee ? and
his Lordship said he should hesitate a long time before he
held that the person bound by the trust was not entitled to
cut timber in the ordinary management of the property (f) .
And so it was afterwards decided by the House of Lords on
appeal (g) .
9. Case of trustee taking no beneficial interest.
On the
other hand, the settlement may be so specially worded that
the person bound by the trust takes for life only, with remainder to the children (h), or is not even tenant
[*137] for life and takes no *beneficial interest at all. Thus,
where a testator devised to his wife in fee, " under
the firm conviction that she would dispose of and manage
the same for the benefit of her children," the widow claimed
(e) Knott v. Cottee, 2 Phill. 192.
(f) Wright v. Atkyns, T. & R. 157, 163.
(g) See Lawless v. Shaw, Ll. & G. t. Sugden,164.
(h) Wace v. Mallard, 21 L. J. N. S. Ch. 355.
186