CH. XVII. S. 1.

*405

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .

trade upon the father's taking the son into partnership (c) .
But where a father covenanted upon the marriage of his son
to pay 2,000l. by way of portion, and afterwards by his will
bequeathed to his son certain powder works and so much
money as when added to the powder works would make up
the sum of 10,000l., the amount in money required to make
up the sum of 10,000l. was in fact an ordinary legacy, and
was therefore applied in satisfaction of the marriage portion (d) .
[So where a father gave a bond for the payment
of a sum of 10,000l. to his reputed son on a future day, and
shortly before the day of payment took the son into partnership with him, and the articles provided that 19,000l. of the
capital brought in by the father should belong to the son, it
was held that the bond was satisfied (e) .]
6. Intention expressed.-A legacy will not be adeemed
by a subsequent advance if the latter be expressed to be in
satisfaction of some other and quite different claim, as in
satisfaction of a legacy under the will of a former testator (f) ,
or if the subsequent advance be for a particular purpose, as
to buy furniture (g) .
7. Legacies and advances.- Legacies to a child are always
regarded as portions unless it be otherwise expressed (h),
and so are all advances inter vivos by a parent to a child
unless the instrument itself show (as sometimes happens)
that the second gift was alio intuitu and not meant as a
portion (i) .
8. Advance of less amount. - Where the
subsequent advance is of less amount than the * previous [*405]
legacy, it was for some time doubtful what would
be the effect - whether the advance would adeem the whole
legacy (a) , or whether the doctrine of ademption would be
(c) Holmes v. Holmes, 1 Bro. C.
C. 555 ; [see Re Lawes, 20 Ch. D. 81.]
(d) Bengough v. Walker, 15 Ves.
507.
577.
[(e) Re Lawes, 20 Ch. D. 81.]
(f) Baugh v. Reed, 3 B. C. С. 192 .
(g) Robinson v. Whitley, 9 Ves.
(h) Ex parte Pye, 18 Ves. 151, per
Lord Eldon;
Shudall v. Jekyll, 2
Atk. 518, per Lord Hardwicke; Pym
v. Lockyer, 5 M. & Cr. 35 ; Ellison v.
Cookson, 1 Ves. jun. 107, per Lord
Thurlow; Leighton v. Leighton, 18
L. R. Eq. 458.
(i) Baugh v. Reed, 3 B. C. C. 192 ;
Monck v. Monck, 1 B. & Β. 298 ;
Leighton v. Leighton, 18 L. R. Eq.
458.
(a) Hartop v. Whitmore, 1 P. W.
551