*93
[CH. VII. S. 1.
TRUSTS FOR ACCUMULATION.
the resulting trust be a chattel interest, carved out of real
estate, it will devolve, on the death of the heir, on the personal representative of the heir (b); and if the resulting
interest be an estate pur autre vie, it is the better opinion
that it also goes to the heir's personal representative (c) .
But under the late Wills Act, 1 Vict. c. 26, s. 25, if the will
contain a residuary devise, and there is no evidence of a
contrary intention on the face of the will, the void accитиlations will go to the residuary devisee.
15. In personal estate.- In personal estate, if there be a
residuary legatee, the excess beyond the allowed period of
accumulation will fall into the residue (d), and where the
residue is settled on A. for life, remainder to B., will form
part of the capital (e) .
16. Residue.- If the subject of the accumulation be the
income of the residue itself, the void accumulation will,
according to the nature of the residue, i.e., real or personal,
result to the heir-at-law or to the next of kin (f) .
17. Charge.- If an estate be devised subject to a void
direction to accumulate in such terms that the void
accumulation, if valid, would have
been construed
a mere charge, it will, like any other charge which
fails (a), sink for the benefit of the devisee (b) .
18. Exceptions from the Act.-Lastly, the statute provides, that " nothing in the Act contained shall extend to
any provision for payment of debts (c) of any grantor, settlor,
315.
(b) Sewell
v. Denny, 10 Beav.
(c) Barrett v. Buck, 12 Jur. 771 ;
see Halford v. Stains, 16 Sim . 488,
contra.
(d) Haley v. Bannister, 4 Mad.
275; O'Neill v. Lucas, 2 Keen, 313 ;
Webb v. Webb, 2 Beav. 493; Attorney-General v. Poulden, 3 Hare,
555; Jones v. Maggs, 9 Hare , 605 ;
Re Drakeley's Trust, 19 Beav. 395.
427.(e) Crawley v . Crawley, 7 Sim.
(f) M'Donald v. Bryce, 2 Keen,
276 ; Eyre v. Marsden, 2 Keen, 564 ;
Pride v. Fooks, 2 Beav. 430; Elborne
v. Goode, 14 Sim. 165; Bourne v.
Buckton, 2 Sim. N. S. 91; Edwards v.
Tuck, 3 De G. M. & G. 40 ; Mathews
v. Keble, 4 L. R. Eq. 467; 3 L. R. Ch.
App. 691; Simmons v. Pitt, 8 L. R.
Ch . App. 978 ; Talbot v. Jevers, 20
L. R. Eq. 255.
[Weatherall v . Thornburgh, 8 Ch. D. 261.]
(a) See Tucker v. Kayess, 4 K. &
J. 339.
(b) Re Clulow's Trust, 1 J. & H.
639; Combe v. Hughes, 34 Beav. 121 ;
2 De G. J. & S. 657 .
426.(c) Bateman v. Hotchkin, 10Beav.
126