CH. XVIII. S. 2.

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.

was bound to pay the money as the trustee directed (b), and
having obeyed that direction was exonerated from the consequences.
Various transactions might have occurred between
the trustee and cestuis que trust (such as the execution of a
previous mortgage on sufficient security), which would make
such a payment perfectly legitimate (c).
The Court in this
case was protecting a bonâ fide purchaser, and the principle
here laid down must be applied with great caution. A purchaser who has paid his money to another by the direction of
the trustee may be protected under the special circumstances
of the case, but no purchaser who has the money still in his
pocket can be advised to pay it to any other than the
trustee * or his duly authorised agent (a) ; [and in [*474]
the present state of the authorities the most prudent
course is to pay it to the trustee personally, and if there
are more trustees than one to pay it in the presence of all
the trustees, or else to pay it into a bank to their joint
account (b) .]

24. Receipts for money extraneous to trust.
A power of
signing receipts in a settlement will extend only to what the
trustees are by the settlement authorised to receive (c) .

25. Feme covert.

When one of the trustees is a married
woman, the questions arise, can she by virtue of the power
sign a receipt without the concurrence of her husband, who
is answerable for her acts ; and ought the money to be paid
to herself, or to her husband who on the one hand is answerable for her acts, but on the other hand is not the person
pointed out by the settlement as the hand to receive it ? It
would appear on principle that the money cannot be paid to

[(6) But see as to this Re Bellamy
and Metropolitan Board of Works,
24 Ch. D. 387 ; Re Flower and Metropolitan Board of Works, 27 Ch. D.
592, where it was held that the purchaser could not be compelled to pay
to the nominee
of the
trustees
or
even to one of the trustees by the
direction of the others, and see ante,
pp. 447, 448.]

(c) Hope v. Liddell, 21 Beav. 202,
203; and see Locke v. Lomas, 5 De
G. & Sm. 326 ; M'Carogher v. Whieldon, 34 Beav. 107;
[Ferrier v . Ferrier, 11 L. R. Ir. 56 ;] but see Pell v.
De Winton, 2 De G. & J. 13.

(a) [Re Bellamy and Metropolitan
Board of Works, 24 Ch. D. 387 ; Re
Flower and Metropolitan Board of
Works , 27 Ch. D. 592 ; and] see Re
Fishbourne, 9 Ir. Eq. Rep. 340; and
ante, pp. 447, 448.

[(b) See ante, pp. 447, 448.]

(c) Pell v. De Winton, 2 De G. &
J. 20, per Cur. 641