*169
PURCHASES IN NAMES OF STRANGERS.
[CH. IX. S. 2.
Trust may be proved against
defendant's
denial. -And
should the nominal purchaser deny the trust by his answer
the solemnity of the defendant's oath will of course require
a considerable weight of evidence to overcome its impression (f) .
12. Of written evidence after the death of the nominal purchaser.- It is laid down by Mr. Sanders, that " if a person
at his death leave any papers disclosing the real circumstances of the case, the Court will raise the trust even
against the express declaration of the purchase-deed " (g) .
We have seen that, according to the latest authorities, parol
evidence is in ordinary cases admissible against the language
of the purchase-deed ; but if Mr. Sanders's opinion to the
contrary were well founded, it does not appear how mere
papers would satisfy the requisitions of the statute ; for, to
have that effect, the writings ought also to be signed by the
party.
The cases of Ryall v. Ryall (h) and Lane v. Dighton (i), which are cited for the position, do not at all turn
upon the distinction suggested.
13. Of parol evidence after the death of the nominal purchaser.- It is observed by the same writer, that, " after the
death of the supposed nominal purchaser, parol proof alone can
in no instance be admitted against the express dec[*169] laration of the * deed " (a) ; but the cases relied
upon in support of this doctrine (b) do not distinguish between proofs in a person's lifetime and after his
decease ; they are certainly authorities for the exclusion of
parol evidence universally, but in this respect, as before
noticed, they have been subsequently overruled.
It would
seem upon principle,that the death of the nominal purchaser
cannot affect the admissibility of parol testimony, whatever
effect it may have in detracting from its weight.

(f) See Cooth v. Jackson, 6 Ves .
(g) Uses and Trusts, c. 3, s. 7,
div. 2 .

(h)Amb. 413.
(a) Uses andTrusts,c.3, s.7, div.2.

(b) Kirk v. Webb, Pr. Ch. 84; S.
C. Freem. 229; Heron v. Heron, Pr.
Ch. 133 ; Halcott v. Markant, Id. 168;
Kinder v. Miller, Id. 172 ;
S. C. 2
Vern . 440; Deg v. Deg, 2 P. W. 414,
per Lord King.
232