*164
PURCHASES IN NAMES OF STRANGERS .
[CH. IX. S. 2.
then A. is the owner in equity, and B., who takes the conveyance, stands in the light of a creditor (f) .
3. Principle applicable to personalty.-Not only real estate
but personalty also is governed by these principles, as if a
man take a bond (g), or purchase an annuity (h), stock (i) ,
or other chattel interest (j), in the name of a stranger, * the equitable ownership results to the person
from whom the consideration moved.
4. Joint advance and purchase in name of third person.-In
Crop v. Norton (a) Lord Hardwicke doubted whether the
rule was not confined to an individual purchaser.
But in
Wray v. Steele (b) the point was expressly decided in conformity with the general principle ; for what was there
applicable to an advance by a single individual which was
not equally applicable to a joint advance under similar circumstances ?
5. Joint advance and purchase as joint-tenants.- If two
persons, joining in a purchase, take the conveyance not in
the name of a stranger, or of one of themselves, but in the
names of both of themselves as joint-tenants, then a distinction must be observed between an equal and an unequal contribution .
Equal contribution.-In the former case there is nothing
on which to ground the presumption of a resulting trust,
for persons making equal advances might very consistently
take an estate in joint-tenancy, as each has it in his power to
compel a partition, or by executing a conveyance to pass a
moiety of the estate, and in the meantime each runs his own
life against that of the other (c) .
And so, if two persons
(f) See Aveling v. Knipe, 19 Ves.
441.
(g) Ebrand v. Dancer, 2 Ch. Ca.
26.
(h) Mortimer v. Davies, cited Rider
v. Kidder,10 Ves . 363, 366.
(i) Rider v . Kidder, 10 Ves . 360 ;
Loyd v. Read, 1 P. W. 607 ; and see
Sidmouth v . Sidmouth , 2 Beav. 447 ;
Garrick
v .
Taylor, 29 Beav.
79;
Beecher v. Major, 2 Dr. & Sm. 431 .
(j) See Ex parte Houghton, 17
Ves . 253; Garrick v. Taylor, 29 Beav.
79.
(a) Barn. 179 ; S. C. 9 Mod. 233 ;
S. C. 2 Atk . 74.
(b) 2 V. & Β. 388.
(c) Robinson v. Preston, 4 K. & J.
505; Rea v. Williams, Append. to
Sugd. Vend. and Purch. 11th Ed.;
Moyse v. Gyles, 2 Vern. 385 ; York
v. Eaton, 2 Freem. 23 ; Rigden v.
Vallier, 3 Atk. 735, per Lord Hardwicke; Hayes v. Kingdome, 1 Vern.
226