CH. XXIII . S. 2.

ASSIGNMENT OF POWERS .
survivor of the others, of the persons to whom the power is
given, unless the contrary is expressed in the instrument
creating the power" (e).

But this section does not authorise a trustee to disclaim a particular power so as to vest the
exercise of it in his co-trustees while he continues a trustee
for other purposes (f) .

4. Renunciation.
It has been held in Ireland that the
renunciation by one executor, by an instrument under seal,
of the office of executor operates as a disclaimer under this
section of powers annexed to the executorship (g) .

Secondly, Of assignment.

1. Effect of assignment of the estate.-The power is not
appendant to the estate, so as to follow along with it in
every transfer by the trustee, or devolution by course
of * law (a). But where the estate is duly transferred [*608]
to persons regularly appointed trustees under a power
in the settlement creating the trust, the transferees take the
estate and the office together, and can exercise the power.
Where the settlement contains no such power, it seems that
the appointment of new trustees by the Court would not, but
for recent Acts, communicate arbitrary or special discretionary powers (6), unless they were expressly (c) or in fair construction limited to the trustees for the time being (d).

If
powers be given to trustees, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, and the Court appoints new trustees and
makes a vesting order, the new trustees are duly constituted
assigns, and may therefore be justly considered within the
purview of the settlement.
But assigns from a trustee mero
motu, and without competent authority, would not be so considered.
[(e) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 39, s. 6.]
[(f) See Re Eyre, 49 L. T. N. S.
259.]
[(g) Re Fisher and Haslett, 13 L.
R. Ir. 546.]

(a) Cole v . Wade, 16 Ves. 47, per
Sir W. Grant; Crewe v . Dicken, 4
Ves. 97; Re Burtt's Estate, 1 Drew.
319; Wilson v. Bennett, 5 De G. &
Sm. 475.
The case of Hardwicke v.
Mynd, 1 Anst. 109, is an anomaly.

(b) Doyley v. Attorney-General, 2
Eq. Ca. Ab . 194 ; Fordyce v. Bridges,
2 Ph . 497, see 510; Newman v. Warner, 1 Sim . N. S. 457;
Cooper v . Macdonald, 35 Beav. 504; and see Cole
v. Wade, 16 Ves. 44, 47; Hibbard v.
Lambe, Amb. 309.

(c) Bartley v. Bartley, 3 Drew.
384; Brassey v. Chalmers, 4 De G.
M. & G. 528.

(d) Byam v. Byam, 19 Beav. 66.
821