*576
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[CH . XXIII. S. 1 .
tor's son to have " the use and enjoyment" of a house, and
were " empowered" during the son's " occupation,"
[*576] to make " repairs" * and Lord Romilly, M. R., held
that the trustees were to keep the house in a habitable
state, but not to make ornamental repairs (a).
Where a
mansion house was dilapidated at the date of the testator's
will, and he empowered his trustees " to keep all the buildings in good repair, and to make such improvements by
draining, walling, building, liming, or manuring, as they
should think proper," the trustees had no power to rebuild
the mansion house (b).
But under a power to "improve
the estate by erecting farm-houses and out-buildings, or by
draining and planting," it was held that the trustees could
erect agricultural cottages (c).
And where the trustees of
a term of 1000 years were specially authorised to keep the
premises in good repair and " generally to superintend the
management " of the estate, the Court held that the latter
words conferred a general power without limit, that is,
according to the discretion of the trustees, and allowed the
sums expended by them in erecting and repairing farmhouses and buildings, in draining, fencing, sinking wells,
putting up pumps, constructing a bridge, and forming, repairing, and altering roads (d).
If trustees, without any
special power to authorise it, lay out money in improving
the estate (as in building a villa upon ground intended to
be building ground, and which object they are advised will
be promoted by the erection of the villa), they cannot justify
the expenditure, but on the other hand, the cestuis que trust
cannot take the benefit and repudiate the whole outlay, but
the trustees will be liable only for the loss to the estate (e).
[And where the mansion house had been burnt down and
the trustee applied a large sum, in addition to the insurance
monies, in restoring the mansion house, the Court was of
opinion that it had no jurisdiction to order a sale or mortgage.
Maclaren v. Stainton, M. R.
March 14, 1866, MS.
(b) Bleazard v. Whalley, 2 Eq.
Rep. 1093 ; see ante, p. 537.
(c) Lord Rivers v. Fox, 2 Eq. Rep.
(d) Bowes v. Earl of Strathmore,
8 Jur. 92.
(e) Vyse v. Foster, 8 L. R. Ch.
App. 309, affirmed 7 L. R. H. L. 318.
780