*32
[CH. III. S. 2.
CORPORATIONS .
of any breach of trust would be an information by the Attorney-General at the instance of all or some of the persons
interested in the matter.
If there was a particular trust in
favor of particular persons and they were too numerous for
all to be made parties, one or two might then sue, on behalf
of themselves and the other cestuis que trust, for the performance of the trust (d) .
5 & 6 W. 4, с. 76.
Since the Municipal Corporations Act
every municipal corporation named in the schedules to the
Act (e) , has become a trustee, and has no longer the
power to alienate and dispose of its property, except with the
sanction of the lords of the Treasury, but is bound to apply
it to certain public purposes pointed out by the Act; and if
there be any misapplication, there lies a remedy in Equity
by information (f) .
[*32]
* Licence of the Crown.
Although the Court has
ample jurisdiction to oblige a corporation to observe
good faith, and the property already vested in a corporate
body will be administered upon the trust attached to it, yet
no real estate can be conveyed to a corporation upon any
trust without the licence of the Crown.
But there is no objection to an assignment or bequest of
pure personal estate to a corporation upon trust.
3. Bank of England.- The Bank of England cannot directly or indirectly be made a trustee of stock.
The corporation manages the accounts of the public funds, and is
charged with the care of paying the dividends, but refuses, and
cannot be compelled by law, to notice any rights but those
of the legal proprietors in whose name the stock is standing.
Bank of England cannot be a trustee.- The Company will
not enter notice of instruments inter vivos upon their books ;
and though they were formerly obliged by certain Acts of
(d) Evan v . The Corporation of
Avon, 29 Beav. 149.
(e) 5 & 6 W. 4 c. 76.
Corporations not named in the schedules to
the Act may still dispose of their
estates. Evan v. The Corporation of
Avon, ubi supra .
(f) Attorney-General
v . Aspinwall, 1 Keen, 513; 2 M. & C. 613; Attorney-General v. Borough of Poole,
4 M. & C. 17 ; Parr v. Attorney-General, 8 Cl . & Finn. 409 ; Attorney-General v.
Corporation of Lichfield,
11 Beav. 120; Attorney-General
v . Mayor of Waterford, 9 I. R. Eq. 522 ;
[Attorney-General v. Mayor of Brecon, 10 Ch . D. 204 ; Attorney-General
v . Mayor of Stafford, W. N. 1878, p.74] .
38