*194

[Сн. Х.

CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .

only, Barnardiston, the other reporter, applies his Lordship's
observation to a conveyance (b).
It would thus appear that
Lord Hardwicke in fact extended his remark to a will and a
conveyance indifferently.
Both Lord Hardwicke and Mr. Fonblanque assume that
the seventh or enacting clause embraces all trusts indiscriminately, and that such as arise by operation of law are only
saved from the act by virtue of the subsequent exception
contained in the eighth section; but the language of the latter clause, that " where any conveyance shall be made of any
lands or tenements by which a trust or confidence shall or
may arise or result," &c., seems to have escaped observation ;
for, unless conveyance be taken with great violence to the
meaning of the words to include a devise, it is clear that
trusts resulting under a will are not reached by the terms of
saving.
Nor is it easy to suppose that the legislature could
mean to include a devise; for the fifth and sixth sections
relate exclusively to devices, and, had it fallen within the
scope of the Act to extend the eighth section to wills, it
can scarcely be conceived that the proper and technical word
should not necessarily have suggested itself.
The question
then arises, If resulting trusts upon a will are not saved by
the exception, how are they not affected by force of the
previous enactment ? As the statute was directed against
frauds and perjuries, it is obvious that resulting trusts were
not within the mischief intended to be remedied.
The aim
of the legislature was, not to disturb such trusts as were
raised by maxims of equity, and so could not open a door to
fraud or perjury, but, by requiring the creation of trusts by
parties to be manifested in writing, to prevent that fraud
and perjury to which the admission of parol testimony had
hitherto given occasion. And the enactment itself is applicable only to this view of the subject; for the legislature
could scarcely direct that " all declarations or creations of
trusts should be manifested and proved," &c., unless the
trusts were in their nature capable of manifestation and
proof ; but, as resulting trusts are the effect of a rule of law,
(b) See Lloyd v. Spillet, Barn. 388.
268