*346
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
5. Assignment.-After notice of an assignment the trustee cannot safely pay either principal or interest to the
assignor (d) though the assignment be by way of mortgage
only, for though a mortgagor in possession of real estate is
not accountable for the rents until notice of the mortgagee's
intention to enter, it cannot be assumed that the same rule
will apply to personal estate in the hands of a trustee, as to
which it has been said that the act of giving notice to the
trustee is equivalent to taking possession (e).
[It has even
been held that where a first mortgagee of a leasehold house
had notice of a second charge, and the property was subsequently sold by the mortgagor and the first mortgagee
concurred in the sale, and allowed the balance of the purchase-money after satisfying his mortgage to be paid to the
mortgagor, he was liable to the second mortgagee (f) .]
[*346]
*6. Impeachable deeds.
An assignment is sometimes, though not void per se, yet of an impeachable
character, as where there is a suspicion of the undue exercise of parental influence.
In these cases it is conceived
that while the deed remains unimpeached, the trustee may
safely act on the assumption of its validity (a) .
7. Assignment with receipt clause.-If the assignment confer on the assignee a power of signing receipts, the production of the deed with a receipt entitles the assignee to call
for payment without tendering a release (b) .
8. Death of cestui que trust.
If the cestui que trust be
dead the trustee must pay to his personal representative,
and if he mix himself up with questions arising out of the
cestui que trust's will, and so refuse to pay to the personal
representative, he will be saddled with the costs of a suit for
recovery of the fund (c) .
9. Divorce of cestui que trust.- If the cestui que trust be
a feme formerly married, but whose marriage has been dis(e) Cresswell v . Dewell, 4Giff. 460.
(f) See Loveridge v. Cooper, 3
Russ. 58 .
[(f) West
London Commercial
Bank v. Reliance Permanent Building Society, 27 Ch. D. 187.]
(a) See Beddoes v. Pugh, 26 Beav.
407.
(b) Foligno's Mortgage, 32 Beav.
131.
(c) Smith v. Bolden, 33 Beav. 262.