*569
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS.

[Сн . ХХІІ.
[*569] tenant for life * and trustees may respectively execute, make, and do, all necessary and proper deeds,
instruments, and things .

29. Additional powers. -By sect. 57, sub-sect. (1), nothing
in the Act is to preclude a settlor from conferring on the
tenant for life, or the trustees of the settlement, any powers
additional to or larger than those conferred by the Act; but
by sub-sect. (2), any such additional or larger powers are to
operate and be exercisable in the like manner and with all
the like incidents, effects, and consequences, as if they were
conferred by the Act, unless a contrary intention is expressed
in the settlement.

30. Tenant for life an infant.-By sect. 60, where a tenant
for life, or a person having the powers of a tenant for life
under the Act, is an infant, or an infant would, if he were of
full age, be a tenant for life, or have the powers of a tenant
for life, the powers under the Act may be exercised on his
behalf by the trustees of the settlement, and if there are
none, then by such person and in such manner as the Court,
on the application of a testamentary or other guardian or
next friend of the infant, either generally or in a particular
instance, orders.
Under this section the Court in Ireland
refused, where an infant was entitled to an undivided share
of land, to appoint one of his co-owners to exercise on his
behalf the powers of the Act, but required the appointment
of an independent person (a) .
The Court in directing the
mode of sale under this section can order it to be made out
of Court (b) .

31. Tenant for life a married woman. -By sect. 61, sub-sect.
(1), the foregoing provisions of the Act do not apply in the
case of a married woman ; but by sub-sect. (2), a married
woman entitled for her separate use, or entitled under any
statute for her separate property or as afeme sole, is, without
her husband, to have the powers of the Act; and by subsect . (3) , where she is entitled otherwise than as aforesaid,
she and her husband together are to have the powers.
By
sub-sect. (4), the provisions of the Act referring to a tenant