CH. XIV. S. 4.

*325

INVESTMENT.

48. Value of the security. - Trustees cannot be advised to
advance more than two-thirds of the actual value of the
estate, if it be freehold land (c) ; and if the property consist
of freehold houses, they should not lend so much as twothirds (d) , but (say) one-half of the actual value (e).
The
rule, however, of two-thirds, or one-half, is only a general
one ; and where trustees have lent on the security of property of less value, but have acted honestly, they have been
protected by the
Court, and have been allowed
their
costs (f) .
As to buildings used in trade, and the value of
which must depend on external and uncertain circumstances,
trustees would not, in general, be justified in lending so
much as one-half (g).
[And trustees should not lend on the
security of unlet houses especially if the mortgagor is a
builder (h) .]
Ground rents .
-A power of investment upon the security
of freehold or copyhold hereditaments will authorise trustees
to invest upon freehold ground rents reserved out of houses,
and upon the question of value it will be borne in mind that
the value of the houses is included, as, if the groundrents be
not paid, the landlord can enter (i) .

49. Trustees may not lend on mortgage to one of themselves.
- Trustees are precluded from lending on mortgage to one
of themselves, as all must exercise an impartial judgment as
to the sufficiency of the security (j) .
(c) Stickney v. Sewell, 1 M. & Cr.
8; Norris v . Wright, 14 Beav. 307 ;
Macleod v . Annesley, 16 Beav . 600 ;
Ingle v. Partridge (No. 2), 34 Beav.
411; Roddy v. Williams, 3 Jones &
Lat. 16, per Cur .
(d) Stickney v. Sewell, Norris v.
Wright,
ubi
supra ;
Phillipson
v.
Gatty, 7 Hare, 516 ; Drosier v. Brereton, 15 Beav. 221.
(e) Stretton v. Ashmall, 3 Drew.
12; Macleod v. Annesley, 16 Beav.
600; Budge v. Gummow, 7 L. R. Ch.
App . 719;
[Hoey v. Green, W. N.
1884, p. 236.]
(f) Jones v. Lewis, 3 De G. & Sm.
471.
Reversed on appeal, it is believed, by Lord Truro, on Feb. 26,
1852, but on what grounds not known
[Re Godfrey , 23 Ch . D. 483.]
And
see Vickery v. Evans, 3 N. R. 286.
(g) Stickney v. Sewell, 1 M. & Cr.
8; and see Stretton v. Ashmall, 3
Drew. 9 ; Royds v. Royds, 14 Beav.
54, cases of trade and manufacturing
premises.
[(h) Hoey v. Green, W. N. 1884,
p. 236 ; Fry v. Tapson, 51 L. T. N. S.
326; 33 W. R. 113 ; 28 Ch. D. 268 ;
Smethurst v. Hastings, 52 L. T. N. S.
567; 33 W. R. 496 ; 30 Ch . D. 490.
(i) Vickery v . Evans, 3 N. R.
286.
(j) Stickney v. Sewell, ubi supra ;
and see
v. Walker, 5 Russ. 7 ;
Francis v. Francis, 5 De G. M. & G.
451