CH . XIII.

TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.
*277

3. Trustee may not buy up debts for himself.-If trustees
or executors buy up any debt or incumbrance to which the
trust estate is liable for a less sum than is actually due
thereon, they will not be allowed to take the benefit to
themselves, but the creditors or legatees, or other cestuis que
trust, shall have the advantage of it (d).
[And if a trustee
takes advantage of his position to buy up fixtures on the
trust property, which he afterwards sells at a profit, he cannot personally retain the benefit so acquired (e) ; and the
same principle applies to all persons in a fiduciary position,
as in the case of a solicitor buying up incumbrances created
by his client, for the purpose of relieving the client from embarrassment (f).)
But if a trustee buy up a debt intending
it for the cestuis que trust, and they refuse to take it or pay
the purchase-money, they cannot, after lying by for a length
of time, step forward when the speculation turns out profitably and claim the debt for themselves (g) .

4. Trustee trading with the trust estate must account for the
profits.
Again, if a trustee or executor use the fund committed to his care in buying and selling land, or in stock
speculations, or lay out the trust money in a commercial adventure, as in fitting out a vessel for a voyage ; or put it
into the trade of another person from which he is to derive certain stipulated gains (h), or employ * it [*277]
himself for the purposes of his own business or

(6) Hawkins v. Chappel, 1 Atk.
621; Johnstone v. Baber, 22 Beav.
562; Briggs v. Sharp, 20 L. R. Eq.
317.

(c) Johnstone v. Baber, 22 Beav .
562; reversed on this point on appeal,
6 De G. M. & G. 439.

(d) Robinson v. Pett, 3 P. W. 251,
note (A) ; Darcy v. Hall, 1 Vern. 49 ;
Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves. 628, per Lord
Eldon; Morret v. Paske, 2 Atk. 54,
per Lord Hardwicke; Anon. 1 Salk.
155; Carter v. Horne, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab.
7; Dunch v. Kent, 1 Vern . 260 ; Fosbrooke v. Balguy, 1 M. & Κ. 226;
Pooley v . Quilter,4 Drew. 184; 2 De
G. & J. 327 .

[(e) Armstrong v. Armstrong, 7 L.
R. Ir. 207.]

[(f) Macleod v. Jones, 24 Ch. D.
289; but in such a case the solicitor
will be allowed interest at the rate of
51. per cent . on the money employed
by him in buying up the incumbrances .
S. C. 50 L. T. N. S. 358 ; 32
W. R. 660.]

(g) Barwell v. Barwell, 34 Beav.
371.

(h) Docker v. Somes, 2 M. & Κ.
664, per Lord Brougham.