*40
[CH. III. S. 2.
ALIENS .
her behalf for the purpose of executing any deed or doing
any other act which she might herself execute or do (e)] .
14. Infant cannot be guilty of a breach of trust.
Another
objection to an infant trustee is, that he cannot be decreed
to make satisfaction on the ground of a breach of trust (f) .
However, an infant has no privilege to cheat men (g), and
therefore he will not be protected, if he be old and cunning
enough to contrive a fraud (h) .
Consequent presumption that he takes not as trustee, but
beneficially .-From the great inconveniences attending the
appointment of an infant as trustee, there arises a
[*40]
strong presumption wherever property is given to
an infant, that he is intended to take it not as trustee,
but beneficially (a) .
15. Alien formerly trustee of chattels personal only.-An
alien until a recent act (b) could not effectually be a trustee
in respect of freeholders or chattels real, for the policy of
the law would not allow an alien to sue or be sued to the
prejudice of the Crown touching lands in any court of law or
equity (c) ; and on inquisition found, the legal estate of the
property vested by forfeiture in the Crown.
[(e) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 40.]
(f) See Whitmore v. Weld, 1 Vern. 328; Russel's case, 5 Rep. 27,
a; Hindmarsh v. Southgate, 3 Russ. 324.
(g) Evroy
. Nicholas, 2 Eq. Ca. Ab. 489, per Lord King.
(h) See Cory v. Gertcken, 2 Mad. 40; Evroy v. Nicholas, 2 Eq. Ca. Ab.
488; Earl of Buckingham v. Drury, 2 Ed. 71, 72; Clare v. Earl of Bedford,
13 Vin. 536; Watts v. Cresswell, 9 Vin. 415 ; Beckett v. Cordley, 1 B.
C. C. 358; Savage v. Foster, 9 Mod. 37; Overton v. Banister, 3 Hare,
503; Stikeman v. Dawson, 1 De G. & Sm. 503; Wright v. Snowe, 2 De
G. & Sm. 321; Davies v. Hodgson, 25 Beav. 177; Re Constantinople &
Alexandra Hotel Co., Ebbett's case, 18 W. R. 202; 21 L. T. N. S.
574 ; [Lemprière v. Lange, 12 Ch. D. 675.]
(a) Lamplugh v. Lamplugh, 1 P. W. 112; Blinkhorne v. Feast, 2 Ves.
sen. 30 ; Mumma v. Mumma, 2 Vern. 19; Taylor v. Taylor, 1 Atk. 386;
Smith v. King, 16 East, 283 ; and see King v. Denison, 1 V. & B.
278 .
(b) 33 Vict. c. 14.
(c) Gilb. on Uses, 43; and see Fish
v. Klein, 2 Mer. 431.
1 Foss v. Crisp, 20 Pick. 121 ; Trimbles v. Harrison, 1 B. Mon. 140 ;
Smith v. Zaner, 4 Ala. 99; Waugh v. Riley, 8 Met. 290 ; Dunlop v.
Hepburn, 3 Wheat. 231 ; Montgomery v. Dorion, 7 N. H. 475 ; Hughes
v. Edwards, 9 Wheat. 489 ; Ferguson v. Franklins, 6 Munf. 305. A devise to an alien vests title.
Stephen v. Swann, 9 Leigh. 404 ; Vaux v. Nesbit, 1 McC. Ch. 352. Will
not vest title.
Atkins v. Kron, 2 Ired. Ch. 58; Craig v. Radford, 3 Wheat. 594. Even an alien enemy may be a trustee.
Buford v. Speed, 11 Bush. 338.