*202
[CH. XI.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRUST.
itself a disclaimer of the trust, but it is one circumstance
of evidence, and if there be no proof of his ever having acted, the Court after a long lapse of time, as sixty
years, will presume a disclaimer (a) ; (and where the trusts
of the real and personal estate were combined, being trusts
for sale and conversion, and application of the proceeds as
a mixed fund in (inter alia) paying debts, legacies, and
funeral expenses, and the same persons were appointed executors and trustees, and the only executor and trustee who
survived the testator renounced probate, the late M.R. held
that there was conclusive evidence of a disclaimer, as the
trustee, after renouncing execution of the will as to the personal estate, could not carry out the trusts as to the payment of the debts and funeral and testamentary expenses,
and could not get rid of a part of his trust in that way, but
must have intended to disclaim all the trusts (b) .]
6. Executor of an executor. - If an executor of an executor take upon himself the administration of the goods of the
first testator, he thereby accepts the administration of the
goods of the latter; for it is only through the medium of
the latter testator that he can reach the executorship of the
former.
It was at one time thought that an executor might
renounce probate of the will of the original testator, and at
the same time or subsequently prove the will of the immediate testator (c), but the practice has now been settled to
the contrary (d) .
But if the first executor never proved
the will, the chain of representation is not continued (e) .
7.
Voluntary interference with assets is acceptance of the
executorship.- Any voluntary interference with the assets ,
whether with or without probate, will stamp a person as
acting executor.
Thus, where of four executors only one
(a) M'Kenna v. Eager, 9 I. R. C.
L. 79; and see Earl Graaville v.
McNeile, 7 Hare, 156, cited post with
remarks.
[(b) Roberts v. Gordon, 6 Ch . D.
531.]
(c) Shepp. Touch. by Preston,464;
Wankford v . Wankford, Freem. 520;
Hayton v . Wolfe, Cro. Jac. 614; S. C.
Palmer, 156 ; Hutton, 30.
(d) In theGoods of Perry, 2 Curt.
655; Brooke v. Haynes, 6 L. R. Eq.
25; In the Goods of Delacour, 9 I. R.
Eq. 86; In the Goods of Griffin, 2
I. R. Eq. 320; and see In the Goods
of Beer, 15 Jur. 160.
(e) 21 & 22 Vict. c. 95, s. 16.
280