VOLUNTARY SETTLEMENTS .

Insolvent at the time (e), or substantially indebted (f) , or
the object of defeating creditors may be inferred from a
person settling his whole property, real and personal, and
so depriving himself of the means of paying an existing
debt (g) , a voluntary deed, though supported by the meritorious consideration of providing for a wife or child (h) ,
and though made in pursuance of a verbal ante-nuptial
promise (i) , and though it was a settlement of the
purchase-money, or of an annuity in lieu of purchase[*78]
money upon a sale (a), is fraudulent as against creditors, (though only general creditors without any lien (b),
or creditors under a voluntary post obit bond (c)).

But a
deed is not impeachable merely because it comprises the
whole of a person's property (d), or merely because it is
voluntary (e) , and although it be upon the face of it voluntary, it may be shewn by extrinsic evidence to have been
founded on valuable consideration (f), or to have been
otherwise bonâ fide (g) .
And on the other hand, a deed,
though it was founded on valuable consideration, even in
consideration of marriage (h), may, if it was executed for
the purpose of defrauding creditors, be declared to be void (i) .

(e) Barrack v. McCulloch, 3 K. &
J. 110; Lush v. Wilkinson, 5 Ves .
384; Whittington v. Jennings, 6 Sim.
493; French v. French, 6 De G. M. & G.
95; Acraman v . Corbett, 1 J. & H.410 ;
Crossley v. Elworthy, 12 L. R. Eq . 158 ;
Taylor v. Coenen, 1 Ch. Div. 636.

(f) Townsend
v. Westacott,
2
Beav. 340; 4 Beav. 58 ; Martyn v.
Macnamara, 2 Conn. & Laws . 554,
per Cur.; Holmes v. Penney, 3 K. &
J. 99; Cornish v. Clark, 14 L. R. Eq.
184; and see Richardson v. Smallwood, Jac. 557 ; Skarf v. Soulby, 1
Mac. & G. 375.

(g) Smith v. Cherrill, 4 L. R. Eq.
390; and see Spirett v . Willows , 3
De G. J. & S. 303 .

(h) Barrack v. McCulloch, 3 Kay
& J. 110 ; and see Lush v. Wilkinson,
5Ves . 384 .

(i) Crossley v. Elworthy, 12 L. R.
Eq. 158.

(a) French v. French, 6 De G. M.
&G. 95; Neale v. Day, 4. Jur. N. S.
1225.

(b) Reese River Company v. Atwell, 7 L. R. Eq. 347 .

(c) Adames v. Hallett, 6 L. R. Eq.
468.

(d) Alton v. Harrison, 4 L. R. Ch .
App. 622; Allen v. Bonnett, 5 L. R.
Ch . App . 577 ; [Ex parte Games, 12
Ch . D. 314.]

(e) Holloway v. Millard, 1 Mad.
414; Thompson v. Webster, 4 Drew.
632; Holmes v. Penney, 3 K. & J. 90.

(f) Gale v. Williamson, 8 M. &
W. 540 .

(g) Thompson v. Webster, 4 Drew.
628; 4 De G. & J. 600 .

(h) Bulmer v . Hunter, 8 L. R. Eq.
46; Colombine v. Penhall, 1 Sm. &
G. 228 .

(i) Twyne's case, 3 Rep. 80 , a ;
Bott v. Smith, 21 Beav. 511 ; Acra107