CH. XXII .]
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
*567
any other nature, which are to be settled and held on the
same trusts, and to devolve in the same manner as the chattels sold; but by sub-sect. (3), no sale or purchase of chattels
under this section is to be made without an order of the
Court.
Whether proceeds of heirlooms devolve as personalty.-A
dignity or title of honour which descends to the heirs general or heirs of the body, is within the definition of land,
and heirlooms settled so as to devolve with the dignity or
title may be sold under this section.
We have already referred to the sections regulating the application or disposition of capital money arising under the Act (e), and it is to
be observed that under sect. 22, sub-sect. (5), capital money
is " for all purposes of disposition, transmission, and devolution, to be considered as land," and is to be held for, and go
to, the same persons successively, in the same manner, and for and on the same * estates, interests, and [*567]
trusts, as the land wherefrom the money arises would,
if not disposed of, have been held and have gone under the
settlement."
It has been doubted whether this sub-section
has any application to money arising from the sale of personal chattels ; and there seems no sound reason for making
the money arising from the chattels devolved as land, while
if it is re-invested in other chattels they are to devolve as personalty.
The latter part of the sub-section points to money
arising from land as being the subject matter to which it
relates and it would be construing the sub-section in direct
opposition to the spirit in which it is framed to hold, that,
while its apparent object was to leave the estates and interests of the persons beneficially interested in land unaffected
by the sale, when applied, by reference, to money arising
from personal chattels it is to have the effect of altering the
nature of the estates, and in most cases of changing an absolute estate in remainder into a mere tenancy in tail.
Το
effectuate such a change the language of the Act should be
clear and unambiguous, and it is conceived that the language
(e) See ante, p. 562.
1Re Carnac's Will, 33 W. R. 837 ; W. N. 1885, p. 142.