*455
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .
Case of infancy.- So where A. devised certain lands to
his children, some of whom were infants, " the same to be
sold when the executors and trustees of his will should see
proper, and the purchase-money to be equally and severally
divided amongst his above-named children," Sir J. Leach
said, " It is plain the testator intended that the trustees
should have an immediate power of sale. Some of the children were infants, and not capable of signing receipts.
[*455] I must therefore * infer, that the testator meant to
give to the trustees the power to sign receipts, being
an authority necessary for the execution of his declared
purpose " (a) .
As to cestuis que trust out of the jurisdiction. -As to cestuis que trust who, after the date of the instrument, go out
of the jurisdiction, or are otherwise incapacitated to concur,
the general rule does not apply, for it cannot be said that
the settlor meant the trustees to sign receipts for them, the
presumption being the other way.
6. Where trust is annexed to the purchase-money it is implied that the trustee shall apply it.- Secondly. If a sale be
directed, and the proceeds are not simply to be paid over to
certain parties, but there is a special trust annexed, the inference is, that the settlor meant to confide the execution of
the trust to the hands of the trustee, and not of the purchaser, and that the trustee therefore can sign a receipt (b) .
Mr. Booth's opinion.-An opinion of Mr. Booth shows that
even in his time regard was had to the nature of the trust in
(a) Sowarsby v. Lacy,4 Mad. 142;
Lavender v. Stanton, 6 Mad . 46 ; and
see Breedon v. Breedon, 1 R. & Μ.
413; Cuthbert v . Baker, Sugd. Vend.
& Purch . 842, 843, 11th ed.
(6) Doran v. Wiltshire, 3 Sw. 699 ;
Balfour
v . Welland, 16 Ves. 157 ;
Wood v. Harman, 5 Mad. 368; Locke
v. Lomas, 5 De G. & Sm . 326.
See
Glynn v. Locke, 3 Dr. & War. 11;
Ford v. Ryan, 4 Ir. Ch . Rep . 342.
In
Cox v. Cox,
1 K. & J. 251, ViceChancellor Wood held, that a power
of signing receipts was by no means
one inserted as of course in legal instruments, but often excluded, and
when excluded, was never implied,
except under very special circumstances.
The question in that case arose
upon the construction of a will which
gave to the tenant for life the like
powers of selling and exchanging as
were contained in a settlement referred to, and in which were, not only
powers of sale and exchange, but also
a power of signing receipts, and the
Vice-Chancellor was of opinion that
the powers of sale and exchange only,
without the power of signing receipts,
were incorporated by reference.
618