*428
[CH. XVIII . S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
with the consent of the tenant for life, with a direction to
lay out the proceeds, with all convenient speed, in another
purchase, and in the meantime to invest them upon some
proper security.
For determining upon what occasions the
trustees would be justified in proceeding to a sale, it will be
proper to notice, in the words of Lord Eldon, the intention
of the settlement in so framing the power :- " The object of
the sale," he said, " must be to invest the money in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the same uses, and
the trustees are not to be satisfied with probability upon that,
but it ought to be with reference to an object at that time
supposed practicable, or, at least, this Court would expect
some strong purpose of family prudence justifying
[*428] the conversion, if it is likely to * continue money" (a) .
Sir W. Grant is said to have concurred in the same
sentiments (6), so that clearly the trustees as between them
and their cestuis que trust would not be justified in selling
to gratify the caprice or promote the exclusive interest of
the tenant for life.
It might happen that particular circumstances might call for an immediate sale, as where an extremely advantageous offer is made, or there is a prospect of
great deterioration by abstaining from exercising the power ;
but, generally speaking, the trustees ought not to convert
the estate without having another purchase in view, and then
not for the mere purpose of conversion, but in the honest
exercise of their discretion, for the benefit of all parties
claiming under the settlement (c).
The power of investing
the proceeds upon some security in the meantime was not
meant to authorise the continuance of the property as money,
but only to meet the exigencies of particular circumstances,
as where the trustees are disappointed of the contemplated
new purchase, or the state of the title to the new purchase
leads to necessary delay.
19. Effect of the Drainage Acts.-It is also to be noticed
where the lands have been charged by the tenant for life
(a) Mortlock v. Buller, 10 Ves . 308 , 309.
(b) Lord Mahon v. Earl of Stanhope, cited 2 Sug. Pow. 412.
(c) See Cowgill v. Lord Oxmantown, 3 Y. & C. 369 ; Watts v. Girdlestone, 6 Beav. 188; Marshall v. Sladden, 4 De G. & Sm. 468 ; [Jaques v.
Wilson, W. N. 1880, p. 83.]