*610
[CH. XXIII. S. 2.
ASSIGNMENT OF POWERS .
any sense be the executors of Wade, with whose own property they are not to intermeddle, it is not material to determine. "
His Honour, therefore, decided that the power had
become extinguished.
6. The estate may be severed from the powers. -But the
existence of a power annexed to a trust and forming an
integral part of it does not depend on the continuance of
the legal estate per se in the donee of the power, where
there is no express declaration to the contrary ; as, where a
testator gave a sum of money to be invested in the funds in
the names of the head of a college at Oxford, the junior
bailiff of the city, and the elder churchwarden of a parish,
the dividends to be applied to certain purposes as the trustees should approve, and the bailiff and churchwarden being
annual officers, the investment as directed by the will would
have been accompanied with frequent transfers of the stock,
the Court ordered that the money should be invested in the
names of two new trustees jointly with the head of the college, but that the objects of the charity should be nominated
and approved in the manner pointed out by the will (a) .
"
[7. Release of powers under recent Act.-By the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, " a person to whom
any power, whether coupled with an interest or not, is given
may by deed release, or contract not to exercise the power ;
and that, whether the power was created by an instrument
coming into operation before or after the commencement of
the Act (b) .
Does not apply to power coupled with a duty.-But it has
been held that this does not apply to a power coupled
with a duty ; as to which Kay, J., observed, " a trustee who
has a power coupled with a duty is bound, so long as he
remains a trustee, to preserve that power, and to exercise his
discretion as circumstances arise whether the power shall be
used or not, and can no more by his own voluntary act destroy a power of that sort than he can voluntarily put an end
to any other trust that may be committed to him " (c) .]
(a) Ex parte Blackburne, 1 J. &
W. 297; and see Hibbard v. Lamb,
Amb. 309.
[(b) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 52.]
[(c) Re Eyre, 49 L. T. N. S. 259.]