*523
TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
[Сн. XX. S. 3.
10. Adoption of deeds.- It is not necessary that a creditor,
to entitle himself to the benefit of the deed, should execute
it, but it will be sufficient if he assent to it, or acquiesce in it,
or act upon its provisions, and comply with its terms (f) .
But the creditor must do some act to testify his acceptance
of the deed, and not merely stand by and remain passive (g) .
11. Disputed debt.- If the trustees permit a person to
sign the deed as creditor in a certain sum specified in the
schedule, they cannot afterwards contest the debt (h).
But where there has been fraud, forgery, or perjury by the
creditor, the trustees can apply to the Court to have the
execution by the creditor set aside (i) .
[*523]
*12.
Trustee cannot arbitrarily admit a creditor who
has repudiated the deed.
A creditor who repudiates
the deed by his acts, as by suing the debtor contrary to the
provisions of the deed, will not be allowed afterwards (more
particularly after a long lapse of time) to retrace his steps
and take the benefit of the deed ; and though the trustees
should admit him to sign the deed, the other creditors will
not be bound by the act of the trustees (a) .
13.
Discretion in trustees to admit creditors' claims.
discretion is sometimes given to the trustees to admit or
exclude such creditors as they shall think proper.
The
Court will endeavour, if possible, to withdraw the rights of
the creditors from the caprice of the trustees (b) ; but if the
settlement clearly give such a discretionary power, and the
trustees are willing to exercise it, and no fraud be found,
the Court cannot interfere to compel the admission of any
particular creditor (c) .
14. Relief in equity.- If the trustees have power of
enlarging the time and advertise to that effect, but do not
(f) Field v. Lord Donoughmore,
1 Dru. & War. 227 ; Biron v. Mount,
24 Beav. 642; Spottiswoode v. Stockdale, G. Coop. 102 ; Jolly v. Wallis,
3Esp . 228.
325 .
(g) Biron v . Mount, 24Beav. 642.
(h) Lancaster v. Elce, 31 Beav.
(i) Lancaster v. Elce, 31 Beav.
328, per M. R.
(a) Field v. Donoughmore, 1 Dru.
& War. 227 ; reversing the decision
of Lord Plunket, 2 Dru. & Walsh,
630 ; Re Meredith, 29 Ch. D. 745.
(b) See Nunn v. Wilsmore, 8 T.
R. 521 ; Cosser v. Radford, 1 De G.
J. & S. 585.
(c) Wain v . Egmont, 3 M. & Κ.
445 ; Drever v. Mawdesley, 16 Sim.
511.
708