CH. XVII . S. 3.

*413

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .

6. General rule.-It will be collected from the preceding
cases that portions provided for children have this peculiar
quality, that whether made payable at a certain age or not,
they are so far contingent as not to be raisable, but to sink
into the land, where the children do not live to want their
portions - that is, where the children being sons do not
attain twenty-one, or being daughters do not attain that age
or marry ; but that on the other hand portions are so far considered vested as to carry with them such a rate of interest
or such allowance as the Court may deem necessary for the
reasonable maintenance of the children .

7. Costs.-As regards the costs of raising portions the
general rule as to charges applies, that is, the costs must
be thrown on the estate, and the portions bear no part of
them (a) , and of course under the head of costs will be included all charges and expenses properly incurred.

SECTION III .
AT WHAT PERIOD THE PORTIONS ARE RAISABLE .

1. Portions out of reversions.-We have next to inquire
at what period the portions are to be raised, and upon this
subject the great contest has been whether they shall or not
be raised while the security created for the purpose is still reversionary.
The cases are unusually numerous and extremely conflicting,
and the only result to be obtained is that the question must be decided by the "penning of the trust," or in other words, that if the instrument be unequivocal in itself as to the actual intention of
the parties, the Court must carry out the intention whatever
may be the consequential inconvenience. A sale or mortgage
must necessarily be made at a disadvantage when the security is reversionary,
but if the meaning be clear it must be done.
We cannot better explain the principles by which the Court is now regulated,
than by a statement of the two leading authorities .
Beav. 549 ; Trafford v. Ashton, 1 P.
(a) Armstrong v. Armstrong, 18
L. R. Eq. 541; Michell v. Michell, 4
W.415.
561