*222

PROPERTIES OF THE LEGAL ESTATE.
[СH. XII. S. 2 .
[Under 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, legal estate devolves to personal
representative. - This enactment is, however, in the case
of deaths occurring after the 31st December, 1881, repealed
and its place supplied by a provision that "where an estate
or interest of inheritance, or limited to the heir as special
occupant, in any tenements or hereditaments, corporeal
or incorporeal, is vested on any trust, or by way of mortgage (a), in any person solely, the same shall on his death,
notwithstanding any testamentary disposition, devolve to
and become vested in his personal representatives or representative from time to time, in like manner as if the same
were a chattel real vesting in them or him; and accordingly
all the like powers, for one only of several joint personal
representatives, as well as for a single personal representative, and for all the personal representatives together, to dispose of and otherwise deal with the same, shall belong to the
deceased's personal representatives or representative fromtime
to time, with all the like incidents, but subject to all the like
rights, equities, and obligations, as if the same were a chattel
real vesting in them or him; and for the purposes of this
section the personal representatives for the time being of
the deceased shall be deemed in law his heirs and assigns
within the meaning of all trusts and powers (b).]
[(a) By 37 & 38 Vict. c. 78, s. 4,
the legal personal representative of
a mortgagee of a freehold estate, or
of a copyhold estate to which the
mortgagee was admitted, was empowered on payment of all sums
secured by the mortgage to convey
or surrender the mortgaged estate.
This section was held not to apply to
a transfer of a mortgage of a freehold
estate, Re Spradbery's Mortgage, 14
Ch. D. 514; or to a sale by the executors, under a power in the mortgage
deed, Re White's Mortgage, 51 L. J.
N. S. Ch. 856 ; and has in the case of
a death occurring after the 31st December, 1881, been repealed by 44 &
45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30.]
[(b) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30;
this section applies to copyholds, Re
Hughes W. N. 1884, p. 53. If upon
the death, intestate, of a sole surviving trustee new trustees are appointed
under the Trustee Acts , the vesting
order should vest the trust estates in
them " for the estate therein which
would now be vested in (the intestate)
if now living," Set. on Dec., 4th Ed.
p. 539; or " for all the estate and
interest which the deceased trustee
had in him immediately before (or at
the time of) his death," Re Rackstraw's Trusts, 52 L. T. N. S. 612 ;
33 W. R. 559.
Where the order was
made vesting the property in the new
trustees " for the estate therein now
vested in the heir-at-law of the deceased trustee," and letters of administration were subsequently taken out
to the estate of the deceased trustee,
306