*336
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
the dividends or interest, whatever the amount.
If the parties return to England, and so come under the jurisdiction
of the Court, the fund may then be brought over at the instance of the remainderman, and the tenant for life must
submit to the consequential reduction of his income (b) .
79.
Trust to invest in the funds and the money is retained. If trustees be expressly bound by the terms of their trust to
invest in the public funds, and instead of so doing they
retain the money in their hands, the cestuis que trust may
clearly elect to charge them with the amount of the money
or with the amount of the stock which they might have purchased with the money (c) .
80.
Trustees ordered to invest in stock or on real securities and neglecting to do either. If trustees or executors be
directed by the will to convert the testator's property and
invest it in Government or real securities, it was long a question whether they should be answerable for the principal
money with interest, or the amount of stock which might
have been purchased at the period when the conversion
should have been made with subsequent dividends, at the
option of the cestuis que trust (d) ; or whether they
[*336] should be charged with the * amount of principal
and interest only, without an option to the cestuis
que trust of taking the stock and dividends (a).
It has now
been decided that the trustee is answerable only for the
principal money and interest, and that the cestuis que trust
have no option of taking the stock and dividends.
The
principle upon which the Court proceeds is, that the trustee
(6) Holland v. Hughes, 16 Ves. 111; S. C. 3 Mer. 685.
(c) Shepherd v. Mouls, 4 Hare, 504, per Sir J. Wigram ; Robinson v.
Robinson, 1 De G. M. & G. 256, per Cur.; Byrchall v. Bradford, 6 Mad. 13, 235.
And it has been said, that
if a trust be of a permanent character, in which case the Court expects
trustees to invest in Consols, though
the settlement contains no express
direction to that effect, trustees who
improperly retain the funds in their
hands may perhaps be held liable, at
the option of the cestui que trust, for
the principal sum or the amount of
stock which it would have purchased;
Robinson v . Robinson, 1 De G. M. &
G. 256, per Cur.
(d) Hockley v. Bantock, 1 Russ. 141; Watts v. Girdlestone, 6 Beav. 188; Ames v. Parkinson, 7 Beav. 379 ;
Ouseley u. Anstruther, 10 Beav. 456.
(a) Marsh v. Hunter, 6 Mad. 295 ; Gale v. Pitt , M. R. 10th May, 1830 ; Shepherd v. Mouls, 4 Hare, 500 ; Rees
v. Williams, 1 De G. & Sm. 319.
464