*454
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .
2. The rule controlled by the intention of the settlor.--Such
is the primâ facie rule in trusts; but in every instance it is
liable to be controlled and defeated by an intention to the
contrary collected from the instrument creating the trust,
whether that intention be expressed or implied.
3. Either expressed.-The former is the case, ifthe settlor
direct in express terms that the receipts of A., the trustee,
shall discharge the purchaser from seeing to the application
of the purchase-money ; for B. and C. cannot at the same
moment claim under and contradict the instrument- they
cannot avail themselves of the sale, and reject the proviso
affecting the receipt.
The words in a power of attorney, "to sign discharges in
the name of the assignor or otherwise, and to do all other
acts as the principal might have done," have been held to
carry such a direction (6) where not controlled by a subsequent receipt clause tending to negative that intent (c).
But the receipt clause has not always been liberally construed; as where trustees were entitled to receive a sum of
stock with a power of varying securities, a receipt signed
for cash was held to be no discharge, though the Court said
that had there been any indication of an intention to exercise
the power of varying securities for which cash would be
required, the decision might have been different (d).
[*454] It would
have been more satisfactoryhad the Court
(b) Binks v. Lord Rokeby, 2 Mad.
227 ; see 238 , 239 ; Desborough v.
Harris , 5 De G. M. & G. 439.
In this
case L. C. Cranworth considered that
an assignment of a policy by way of
mortgage vests a power of signing
receipts in the mortgagee from the
nature of the case, and independently
of any express power of signing receipts, for the possession of the policy
is evidence that something is due, and
the Insurance Company cannot be
expected to take the account between
mortgagor and mortgagee. Of course
itwouldbe otherwise if the company
had express notice that the mortgage
had been satisfied.
The difficulty felt
by the insurance companies in such
cases has been, that after paying upon
the equitable title they might incur
costs pending an action upon the
legal title.
However, a defendant
may now plead an equitable defence
at law; and if successful upon the
equitable defence would recover his
costs
in the
action.
See
further
Ottley v. Gray, 16 L. J. N. S. Ch. 512;
Curton v. Jellicoe, 14 Ir. Ch . Rep. 180.
A late Act has enabled the assignee
of a policy to bring an action in a
court of law.
30 & 31 Vict. c. 144, s.
1. And see 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.
(c) Brasier v. Hudson; 9 Sim. 1.
(d) Pell v. De Winton, 2 De G. &
J. 13.