*194

CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS.

If any lands or tenements shall be made of any lands or tenements by which a trust
or confidence shall or may arise or result by the implication or construction of law, or be transferred or extinguished by an
act or operation of law, then and in every such case such
trust or confidence shall be of the like force and effect as the
same would have been if that statute had not been made ;
anything thereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

Lord Hardwicke's opinion.-Lord Hardwicke upon this
clause observed, "I am now bound down by the Statute of
Frauds to construe nothing a resulting trust but what are
there called trusts by operation of law ; and what are those ?
Why, First, when an estate is purchased in the name of one
person but the money or consideration is given by another ;
or, Secondly, where a trust is declared only as to part, and
nothing said as to the rest, in which case what remains undisposed of will result to the heir-at-law.
I do not know
any other instance besides these two, where the Court has
declared resulting trusts by operation of law, unless in cases
of fraud, and where transactions have been carried on malâ
fide " (b) .

Mr. Fonblanque's opinion.
Upon this opinion of Lord
Hardwicke, Mr. Fonblanque has made the following just
remarks : - " This construction of the clause of the Statute
of Frauds restrains it to such trusts as arise by operation of
law, whereas it clearly extends to such as are raised by construction of Courts of equity ; as, in the case of an executor
or guardian renewing a lease, though with his own money,
such renewal shall be deemed to be in trust for the person
beneficially interested in the old lease.
It is also observable,
that the first instance stated by his Lordship of a resulting
trust is not so qualified as to let in the exceptions to which
the general rule is subject, and the second instance is only
applicable to a will, whereas the doctrine of resulting trusts is also applicable to * conveyances " (a) . As [*194]
to the latter part of this criticism it maybe observed
that while Atkyns makes Lord Hardwicke speak of a will
(b) Lloyd v. Spillet, 2 Atk. 150.
(a) 2 Tr. Eq. 116, note (a) .
267