TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS.

*527

place to pay the joint debts at the expiration of a year from
the date of the assignment, and then as to a moiety to pay
the separate debts of A., and at the end of a year sufficient
assets were realised to have discharged the joint debts, but
the money, instead of being so applied, was invested in the
funds and the interest accumulated, it was held, that as the
fund applicable to the payment of the joint debts had been
making interest from the time the debts should have been
paid, the joint creditors, though on simple contract, were entitled to interest at 4 per cent. before the separate creditors
were paid their principal.
The separate creditors
would otherwise try to impede the general * settle- [*527]
ment, in order that, in the meantime, they might enjoy the interest from the joint creditor's fund (a) .

4. Creditors may stipulate for interest.-The creditors may
stipulate for payment of interest, or the settlor, if so minded,
may insert such a direction (b).
But a trust for payment of
specialty and simple contract debts and all interest thereof,
will not amount to such a direction, but the words will be
taken to have reference to the debts carrying interest of
their own nature (c) .

5. Specialty debts. - Specialty debts, though actually released by a creditors' deed will carry interest up to the time
of payment.
It might be urged, indeed, that as regards
specialty debts the amount of the debt is the principal and
interest ; and therefore in a trust for payment of debts
interest as well as principal must be taken into calculation
to ascertain what the debt is at the date of the deed or the
death of the testator ; but that interest ought not to run
beyond the date of the trust deed or the death of the testator,
for that principal and interest together are then regarded as
one sum, not as a debt but the claim of a cestui que trust.
And some principle of this kind appears to have been acted
upon in the case of Car v. Burlington (d), where a person
vested estates in trustees upon trust to pay all such debts as

84.

(a) Pearce v. Slocombe, 3 Y. & C.
(b) See Bath v. Bradford, 2 Ves . 588; Barwell v. Parker, Ib. 364; Stewart v. Noble, Vern. & Scriv. 536.
(c) Tait v . Northwick, 4 Ves . 816.
(d) 1 P. W. 228, as corrected in
Cox's ed. from Reg . Lib .
713