14. Heir of settlor not to be excluded from the resulting
trust on mere conjecture.
It must also be observed, that the
heir will not be excluded from the resulting trust on bare
conjecture (c) ; and there must be positive evidence of a
benefit intended to the devisee, and not merely negative
evidence that no benefit was intended to the heir ; for the
trust results to the real representative, not on the ground of
intention, but because the ancestor has declared no intention (d) .
Thus, a legacy to the heir, will not prevent a
trust from resulting (e) ; but, joined to other circumstances
in favour of the devisee, it will not be without its effect (f) .

15. Parol evidence.-As the species of trust we are now
considering results by presumption of law, it may be rebutted
as to instruments inter vivos by positive evidence by parol,
that the settlor's intention was to confer the surplus interest beneficially (g). And it seems that in one case parol
evidence was read as to the intention of a testator, but the
decision of the case turned more particularly upon the intention, as collected from the will itself (h) .

16. Of trusts resulting from intention expressed.- Next, a
trust results, by operation of law, where the intention not
to benefit the grantee, devisee, or legatee, is expressed upon
the instrument itself, as if the conveyance, devise, or be(c) Halliday v. Hudson, 3 Ves.
211, per Lord Loughborough ; and see
Kellett v. Kellett, 3 Dow, 248 ; Amphlett v. Parke, 2 R. & M. 227 ; Phillips v. Phillips, 1 M. & K. 661 ; Salter
v. Cavanagh, 1 Dru. & Walsh, 668.

(d) See Hopkins v. Hopkins, Cas.
t. Talb. 44; Tregonwell v. Sydenham,
3 Dow, 211; Lloyd v. Spillet, 2 Atk.
151; Habergham v. Vincent, 2 Ves.
jun.225.

(e) Randall v. Bookey, 2 Vern.
425; S. C. Pr. Ch. 162; Hopkins v.
Hopkins, Cas . t. Talb. 44; Starkey
v. Brooks, 1 P. W. 390, overruling
North v. Crompton, 1 Ch. Ca. 196 ;
Salter v. Cavanagh, 1Dru . & Walsh,
668.

(f) Rogers v. Rogers, 3 P. W.
193; S. C. Sel. Ch. Ca. 81 ; and see
Docksey v . Docksey, 2 Eq. Ca. Ab .
506 ; King v . Denison, 1 V. & Β. 274;
Amphlett v. Parke, 2 R. & M. 230 ;
Mallabar v . Mallabar, Cas . t. Talb . 78 .

(g) Cook v. Hutchinson, 1 Keen,
50, per Lord Langdale; Fowkes v.
Pascoe, 10 L. R. Ch. App. 343 ; and
see Nicholson v. Mulligan, 3 I. R. Eq.
308.

(h) Docksey v. Docksey, 2 Eq. Ca.
Ab. 506; and see North v. Crompton,
1 Ch . Ca. 196 ; S. C. cited 2 Vern.
253; Mallabar v. Mallabar, Cas . t.
Talbot, 78.

See also the analogous
case of an executor
rebutting by
parol evidence the presumption arising from the will of a testator's intention to exclude him from the beneficial enjoyment of the residue, ante,
p.60.