CH. XII . S. 2.]
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
*227
contained words large enough, and there was no expression
authorising a narrower construction, or any such disposition
of the estate as it was unlikely a testator would make of property not his own (as complicated limitations, or any purpose
inconsistent with as probable intention to devise as to let it
descend), in such a case the trust estate would pass (b) .
[A residuary devise to trustees upon trust to sell will pass
the legal estate in a property which the testator has in his
lifetime contracted to sell (c) .]
11. Charge of debts, &c., will exclude the trust estate. -A
charge of debts, legacies, annuities, &c ., and à fortiori, a direction to sell, is considered a sufficient indication of an intention not to include a mere trust estate (d) ; as where a
testator having a trust estate and also estates of his own,
gave and devised " all his real estate, whatsoever and wheresoever, to G. T., her heirs and assigns, for ever, charged with
501. to his friend W.," it was held that the trust estate did
not pass (e) .
And so where a testator gave, devised, and
bequeathed to trustees all such real estates as were then
vested in him by way of mortgage, the better to enable his
said trustees to recover, get in, and receive the principal
monies and interest which might be due thereon, it was
ruled that the devise extended only to mortgages vested in
the testator beneficially, and did not pass the legal estate in
fee vested in the testator upon trust for another (f) .
(b) Braybroke v. Inskip, 8 Ves.
436; see Roe v. Reade, 8 T. R. 118;
Ex parte Morgan, 10 Ves. 101 ; Langford v . Auger, 4 Hare, 313.
[(c) Surrey
Commercial
Dock
Company v. Kerr, W. N. 1878, p.
163.]
(d) Roe v . Reade, 8 T. R. 118 ;
Duke of Leeds v. Munday, 3 Ves .
348;
Attorney-General v. Buller, 5
Ves . 339 ; Ex parte Marshall, 9 Sim .
555 ; Ex parte Morgan, 10 Ves . 101 ;
Sylvester v. Jarman, 10 Price, 78 ; Re
Morley's Trust, 10 Hare, 293;
[Re
Smith's Estate, 4 Ch. D. 70 ; Re Bellis's Trusts, 5 Ch. D. 504 ;] see Wall
v. Bright, 1 J. & W. 494; [see, however, Re Brown & Sibly's contract, 3
Ch. D. 156, where V. C. Malins was
of opinion that where there was a
general devise of real estate charged
with debts and legacies, the
legal
estate in trust property would pass,
notwithstanding the charge, which
attached only on property which the
testator was
competent
to
charge
with debts and legacies ; and see as
to this case Re Bellis's Trusts , ubi
sup.]
(e) Rackham v. Siddall, 16 Sim .
297, 1 Mac. & G. 607 ; Hope v. Liddell, 21 Beav. 183 ; Life Association
of Scotland v. Siddall, 3 De G. F. &
J. 58.
(f) Ex parte Morgan, 10 Ves . 101 ;
and
see
Sylvester
v. Jarman,
10
Price 78