CH. XIV. S. 4.

*330

INVESTMENT .

63. Land Improvement Act.- By the Improvement of Land
Act, 1864 (i), trustees having a power to lend on
real securities shall (unless the settlement * provide [*330]
the contrary) have power, at their discretion, to invest their trust-money on charges under the Act or mortgages thereof.
But as the provisions are apparently prospective , trustees under a settlement dated before 29 July,
1864, when the statute passed, cannot safely assume that
the Act applies to their case.

64. Second mortgages. - Trustees cannot be advised to
make advances upon a second mortgage, for they neither get
the legal estate nor the title deeds, and they may be placed
under serious difficulties by the acts of the first mortgagee.
If he bring an action for foreclosure, the trustees forfeit their
interest unless they redeem, which they may have no means
of doing out of their own estate, and they may experience a
difficulty in procuring a person to take a transfer ; and if
the first mortgage contain a power of sale, the mortgagee
may sell the property at a great disadvantage, and the trustees cannot prevent it, unless by redemption, which may
not be practicable (a).
In addition to which
it is extremely difficult to guard satisfactorily against the possible
event of the mortgagor obtaining an advance upon a third
mortgage without disclosing the second, and should this
occur the third mortgagee might as a purchaser for value
without noticeget in the first mortgage, and tack his original
mortgage to it, and squeeze out the second mortgage ; or the
first mortgagee or his transferee might by consolidation of his
mortgage with a mortgage of other property of the same
mortgagor, oust the trustees of their security (b).
[But by
the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881 (c), sect .
17, in cases of mortgages made or one of which is made
(i) 27 & 28 Vict. c. 114, s. 60.
(a) See Norris v. Wright, 14 Beav.
308; Robinson v. Robinson, 16 Jur.
256; Drosier v. Brereton, 15 Beav.
226 ; Waring v. Waring, 3 Ir. Ch .
Rep. 337 ; Lockhart v. Reilly, 1 De
G. & J. 476.
(6) But a third mortgagee holding
a security which had no existence at
the date of the second mortgage, and
taking with notice of that mortgage,
cannot consolidate a first mortgage
withhis own third mortgage as against
the second mortgagee, Baker v . Gray,
1 Ch . D. 491 ; [and see Jennings v.
Jordan, 6 App. Cas . 698 ; Harter v.
Colman, 19 Ch . D. 630.]
[(c) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.]
457