CH. XI.

*199
DISCLAIMER.
ter of record is unnecessary (d) ; for, as Lord Tenterden
observed, there can be no disclaimer by a person in a court
of record, unless some other person think fit to cite him
there to receive his disclaimer, and if the estate be damnosa
hæreditas, that is not very likely to happen (e).
It has been
lately held that the estate may be devested by the disclaimer
of the trustee in chancery, though appearing only as a
respondent upon a petition (f) ; and Mr. Justice Holroyd
laid it down generally that a party might disclaim a freehold
not only by deed but by parol (g) ; and the doctrine has
since been sanctioned by actual decision (h) .
11.
Disclaimer of uses.- It was laid down in Butler and
Baker's case, that estates limited under the statute of uses
were to be disclaimed with the same formalities as estates at
common law (i) ; but Lord Eldon doubted whether a party
could disclaim in the case of a conveyance to uses, except by
release with intent of disclaimer : however, his Lordship
added, he was aware that such a doctrine would shake titles
innumerable (j) .
12. Disclaimer of chattels . - It seems to be clearly established, that a disclaimer by parol declaration, will suffice to
devest the legal estate, where the trust property is a mere
chattel interest (k) .
13. Disclaimer by feme covert.- Whether a feme covert
could, under the Fines and Recoveries Act, disclaim an interest in real estate, was, by the terms of the statute, left
doubtful ; the act enabling her only to " dispose of, release,
surrender, or extinguish," any estate or power as if she
(d) Townson v. Tickell, 3 B. & A.
31; Begbie v. Crook, 2 Bing. N. C.
70; S. C. 2 Scott, 128.
36.(e) Townson v. Tickell, 3 B. & A.
(f) Foster v. Dawber, 8 W. R. 646 ;
the trust estate comprised mortgages :
but see Re Ellison's Trust, 2 Jur. N.
S. 62.
(h) Bingham v . Clanmorris, 2 Moll.
253.
And see Shepp. Touch. 452;
Doe v . Smyth, 6 B. & C. 112 ; Doe
v. Harris, 16 M. & W. 517 ; but see
Re Ellison's Trust, 2 Jur. N. S. 62.
(i) 3 Rep. 27, a.
(j) Nicloson v. Wordsworth, 2 Sw .
(g) Townson v. Tickell, 3 B. & A.
38, citing Bonifant v. Greenfield, Cro.
Eliz.80; and see Doe v. Smyth, 6 B.
& C. 112.
372.
(k) Shepp. Touch. 285 ; Butler and
Baker's case, 3 Rep. 26, b, 27, a;
Smith v . Wheeler, 1 Vent. 130; S. C.
2 Keb . 774 ; Doe v. Harris, 16 M. &
W. 520, 521, per Parke, B.
275