TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES.

540

Retainer of the charity fund.- It need scarcely be remarked that a trustee would be guilty of a gross breach of trust, should he keep the charity fund in his hands, and not apply it, as it becomes payable, to the objects of the trust (d).

36. Alienation of the charity estate.
Trustees of charities could not as a general rule, even before the restrictions recently imposed, have made an absolute disposition of the charity estate: they could not, for instance, have parted with lands to a purchaser, and have substituted instead the reservation of a rent (e).

And as the trustees could not have alienated absolutely, so they could not have accomplished the same end indirectly by demising for long terms of years as for 999 years (f); or for terms of ordinary duration, with covenants for perpetual renewal (g): or by granting reversionary terms (h).

37. Where allowable.-But there was no positive rule that in no instance could an absolute disposition be made, for then the Court itself could not have authorised such an act-a jurisdiction which, it is acknowledged, has from time to time been exercised in special cases.

(6) Etherington v. Wilson, 20 L.R. Eq. 606.
(c) 1 Ch.D. 160.
(d) Duke, 116.
(e) Attorney-General v. Kerr, 2 Beav. 420; Blackston v. Hemsworth Hospital, Duke, 49; Attorney-General v. Brettingham, 3 Beav. 91; and see Attorney-General v. Buller, Jac. 412; Attorney-General v. Magdalen College, 18 Beav. 223.
(f) Attorney-General 2. Green, 6 Ves. 452; Attorney-General v. Pargeter, 6 Beav. 150.
(g) Lydiatt v. Foach, 2 Vern. 410; Attorney-General v. Brooke, 18 Ves. 326.
(h) See Attorney-General v. Kerr, 2 Beav. 420.