CH. VI.

WHEN A TRUST IS PERFECTLY CREATED.
*69

Consols standing in his name) says to B., ' I give you the
£1000 Consols standing in my name,' that in my opinion
would make A. a trustee for B.
It would be a valid declaration of trust for B., though the stock remained in the name
of A." (b) .
[So where a husband by a deed poll, after reciting that he
was beneficially possessed of the ground-rents thereby agreed
to be settled, "settled, assigned, transferred and set over
unto his wife as though she were a single woman," certain
leasehold houses and the ground-rents thereof, it was held
that the deed was not void as being an intended assignment,
but operated as a declaration of trust (c) .
So where a husband by deed assigned leaseholds to his " wife, her executors,
administrators, and assigns, as her separate estate," it was
held that the deed operated as a valid declaration
* of trust (a) .
But these cases have since been disap[*69]
proved of by V. C. Hall, who held that the principle
laid down in Milroy v. Lord (b) applies equally to an imperfect gift from husband to wife as to a gift to a stranger,
and that such a gift cannot be supported as a declaration
of trust (c) ; and this view has since been adopted in Ireland(d) .
(b) Grant v. Grant, 34 Beav. 623.
As to the general dictum of M. R. see
also Morgan v. Malleson, 10 L. R.
Eq. 475; but see contra Warriner v .
Rogers, 16 L. R. Eq. 349.
[(c) Baddeley v. Baddeley, 9 Ch .
D. 113.]
[(a) Fox v . Hawks, 13 Ch. D. 822.]
[(b) See post, p. 74.]
[(c) Re Breton's Estate, 17 Ch. D.
416; and see Re Whittaker, 21 Ch. D.
657, 666.]
[(d) Hayes v . Alliance Assurance
Company, 8 L. R. Ir. 149.]

hast v. Wheaton, 8 R. I. 536; 5 Am. Rep. 621 ; if one receives a gift causa
mortis in trust, and neither the beneficiaries nor the proportions to each are
clearly expressed, the trust fails; Sheedy v . Roach, 124 Mass. 472; 26 Am .
Rep. 680; Warner v. Bates, 98 Mass. 274; Hess v . Singler, 114 Mass . 56 ; for
other cases on the subject of deposits, see Stone v. Bishop, 4 Cliff. 593 ; Shaw
v. Hayward, 7 Cush. 170 ; Taylor v. Henry, 48 Md. 550; Maynard v. Maynard,
10 Mass. 456; Wilcox v. Matteson, 53 Wis . 23 ; Meriwether v. Morrison, 78
Ky. 572; Ellis v. Secor, 31 Mich. 185; 18 Am. Rep. 178; Pope v. Bank, 56
Vt. 284; 48 Am. Rep. 781 .

Deed under Voluntary Settlement.- If executed in due form it will be binding on the settlor, though he retain it in his possession ; Urann v. Coates, 109
Mass. 581 ; Bunn v. Winthrop, 1 Johns . Ch. 329 ; unless it appears that such
was not his intention ; Otis v. Beckwith, 49 Ill. 121.
If the trust has been
perfectly created, it matters not if the deed is lost, or revoked, or the property
95