*431
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
26.
Trust for sale survives. - Where an estate is vested in
several trustees upon trust to raise a sum by sale or mortgage, and one of the trustees dies, the survivors or survivor may sell or mortgage, unless there be words in
the settlement which expressly declare that the
trust shall not be exercised by the survivors or survivor, for the execution of a trust is not regarded in the
same light as that of a power ; but the presumption is that,
as the estate, so the discretionary part of the trust passes to
the survivors or survivor (a) .
Though there be a power to appoint new trustees.-The
objection is sometimes taken that where there is a power of
appointment of new trustees, and one of the trustees has
died and a new trustee has not been substituted, the survivor
is incompetent to execute a valid conveyance. But though
a proviso for appointment of new trustees may certainly be
so framed that the execution of the trust should, until a new
trustee has been substituted, remain in suspense (b), yet the
clause, as usually penned in settlements [and as framed in
the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, s. 31,] is
considered by the Courts to be merely of a directory character (c) .
27. Power of sale in a mortgage. - In a mortgage to two
persons to secure a joint advance with a power of sale to
them, their heirs and assigns, if one dies, the survivor
may sell (d) ; and in a mortgage to A. in fee, with a power
of sale to him, " his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns," the administrator of the assign of A., though the legal
estate of the lands be not in himself, but in a trustee for him
under a conveyance from the heir of the assign, is, together
with such trustee, an assign within the meaning of the power,
and can therefore sell (e).
And it does not vitiate the sale,
that part of the purchase-money is left on mortgage of the
estate, but the mortgagee is answerable for the whole amount
to the mortgagor (f) .
188.
(a) Lane v. Debenham, 11 Hare,
(b) See Foley v. Wontner, 2 J. &
W. 246.
(c) See supra, pp. 262, 263.
(d) Hind v . Poole, 1 K. & J. 383.
(e) Saloway v. Strawbridge, 1 K.
& J. 371 ; 7 De G. M. & G. 594 .
(f) Davey v . Durrant, 1 De G. &
J. 535 ; [Bettyes v. Maynard, 49 L.
588