CH. XXIII . S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .

*595

may, it is conceived, sell part of the estate to pay off a mortgage affecting the estate though not mentioned in the settlement, for this in substance is a reinvestment, and àfortiori
if the trustees have a power of investing on real securities
until a purchase can be found, they can sell part of the
estate and apply the proceeds in taking a transfer of the
mortgage, provided it be an adequate security.

49. Sale of limited interests.- Trustees for sale of a limited
interest in an estate (as a remainder), or of an aliquot part
of the estate (as an undivided one-fourth), may concur with
the other parties in a sale of the whole estate for one entire
sum, and may agree afterwards as to the apportionment
of the purchase-money, and if the parties cannot agree the
apportionment will be made by the Court (a).
But otherwise, if there be not any intelligible principle upon which
the apportionment can be made (b) .

50. Reimbursement of expenses on account of the trust.-A
trustee may reimburse himself a sum of money bonâ fide
advanced by him for the benefit of the cestui que trust, or
even for his own protection in the execution of his office.
For, " As it is a rule," said Lord Chancellor King," that the
cestui que trust ought to save the trustee harmless, so within
the reason of that rule, when the trustee has honestly and
fairly, without any possibility of being a gainer, laid down
money by which the cestui que trust is discharged from being
liable for the whole money lent, or from a plain and great
hazard of being so, he ought to be repaid "(c) .

51. Power of trustees for sale to clear the estate. -A trustee for sale has been held to be justified in applying part of
the purchase-money in paying off a charge without satisfaction of which the purchaser refused to complete, and which
the trustee was professionally advised was still subsisting,
though the charge itself was open to doubt (d) .

* 52. Power to grant leases.
(a) Clark v. Seymour, 7 Sim . 67 ;
Rede v. Oakes, 32 Beav. 555 ; see
Earl Powlett v. Hood, 5 L. R. Eq.
115, and ante, p. 430.
(b) Rede v. Oakes, 32 Beav. 555 ;
A trustee of lands [*595]
10 Jur. N. S. 1246 ; S. C. 4 De G. J.
& S. 505.
(c) Balsh v. Hyham, 2 P. W. 453.
(d) Forshaw v. Higginson, 8 De
G. M. & G. 827 .
803