*508

[Сн. ХІХ.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE.
:
trusts for purchase and settlement) (a), but some further
observations may here be introduced, with reference to the
particular branch of executory trusts now under consideration.

33. Impeachment for waste. - When trustees have to settle
the estate upon a person for life with remainders over or in
strict settlement, the question at once suggests itself whether
the tenant for life is or not to be made impeachable for waste.
The primâ facie rule appears to be that he shall (b), but there
are important exceptions.

Thus, where a larger estate than
for life is given in the first instance, but it is after [*508] wards * cut down by directions for a strict settlement,
the Court does not consider itself justified in reducing the interest first taken beyond the clear intention, but
limits a life estate without impeachment for waste (a)..
Again, where a testator directed a settlement to be made on
A. and the heirs of his body (which would have left him
tenant in tail), and then added that "it was never to be in
the power of A. to dock the entail during his life," A. was
declared to be tenant for life without impeachment of
waste (b).
And the like construction prevailed where a
testator constituted A. "his heir," but desired that it should
"be secured for the benefit of A.'s family" (c).
Again,
where a testator directed the property to be " closely entailed," the Court cut it down to a tenancy for life with
remainder to the issue, but exempted the tenant for life from
impeachment for waste (d) .

34.
"To be strictly settled."- In another case, where the
direction was that the estate should be " strictly settled," the
limitation to the tenant for life was without impeachment
for waste (e), and V. C. Wood observed, with reference to
(a) See ante, p. 113.
(b) Davenport v. Davenport, 1 H.
M. 775; Stanley v. Coulthurst, 10 L.
R. Eq. 259.
(a) Davenport v. Davenport, 1 H.
& M. 779, per V. C. Wood ; Sackville-West v. Viscount Holmesdale, 4 L.
R. H. L. 543.
(b) Leonard v. Sussex, 2 Vern. 526.
See 1 H. & M. 778.
300.(c) White v. Briggs, 15 Sim. 17 &
(d) Woolmore v. Burrows, 1 Sim.
512.
See 1 H. & M. 778 .
(e) Bankes v. Le Despencer, 10
Sim. 576; 11 Sim. 508 ; and see Loch
v. Bagley, 4 L. R. Eq. 122.
686