*505
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE.

[Сн. ХІХ.
to be laid out on a purchase of land to be annexed to a settled estate, and part of the settled estate was the advowson
of a rectory of which the parsonage house was so dilapidated
as to require rebuilding, which the testator had contemplated, V. C. Malins held that the proposed expenditure was
within the spirit of the trust, and that the trustee would be
justified in applying a competent part of the trust fund for
the purpose (d).
And monies liable to be laid out on a purchase of lands to be settled to certain uses may be laid out
in the erection of new buildings, though not in the repair of
old buildings on the lands settled to those uses (e), [or in
[*505]
draining the lands in settlement (f) .
* 21 . Now, by the Settled Land Act, 1882, sect.
33, money in the hands of trustees, and liable to be
laid out in the purchase of land to be made subject to the
settlement, may, at the option of the tenant for life, be invested or applied as capital money arising under the Act,
and under this it may be made applicable for the improvements authorised by the Act (a) .]
22. Estates in possession. — When the trust is to purchase
an estate "in possession," it would not be competent to
trustees to buy an estate in reversion ; but, as already observed, under a power to purchase "hereditaments in fee
simple in possession," trustees may buy ground-rents reserved upon building leases for ninety-nine years (b).
But where the leases are of short duration, and the ground-rents
are low as compared with the rental of the property when
Claypole, 16 L. R. Eq. 574;
[Re
Speer's Trust, 3 Ch. D. 262 ;] and see
Re Leigh's Estate, 6 L. R. Ch. App.
887; Re Newman's Settled Estates,
9 L. R. Ch . App. 681; Drake v. Trefusis, 10 L. R. Ch. App. 366 ; Re
Hurle's Settled Estates, 2 H. & M.
196.
[But see Re Venour's Settled
Estates, 2 Ch. D. 522, 526.]
(d) Re Lord Hotham's Trusts, 12
L. R. Eq. 76 ; Re Curzon's Trust, V.
C. Malins, 8 May, 1874.
But see
Brunskill v . Caird, 16 L. R. Eq. 495,
and Re Nether Stowey Vicarage, 17
L. R. Eq. 156.
(e) Drake v. Trefusis,10L. R. Ch .
App. 364;
[Re Leslie's Settlement
Trusts, 2 Ch . D. 185; Re Lytton's
Settled Estates, W. N. 1884, p. 193 ;
Re Stock's Devised Estates, 42 L. T.
N. S. 46; and see Donaldson v. Donaldson, 3 Ch . D. 743.]
(f) Re Leslie's Settlement Trusts,
ubi sup .
[As to improvements under
the Settled Land Act, see post, Chap.
xxii.]
[(a) See post, Chap. xxii.]
(b) Re Peyton's Settlement, 7 L.
R. Eq. 463.