*360
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6 .
It is
the duty, however, of the trustee to fully inform the Court
of all the material facts within his knowledge, and if
he improperly withheld them, he would be made
responsible for the results of his suppression of facts.
[49. Where a settlement is executed in contemplation of
an intended marriage, which is never solemnized, or of a
marriage which is annulled on the ground of impotency, the
trustees of the settlement will be ordered to reconvey the
trust property to the settlor discharged from the trusts (a) .]
50. 36 Geo. 3, с. 52.-By 36 G. 3, c. 51, s. 32, executors
and administrators , where legatees or next of kin are infants ,
or beyond seas,may pay the legacies or shares into Court (b) ,
and by 45 G. 3, c. 28, s. 7, the provisions of the former Act
are extended to trustees and owners of real estate charged
with legacies .
51. 10 & 11 Vict. c. 96.-By 10 and 11 Vict. c. 96, entitled
"An Act for better securing trust funds and for the relief
of trustees," it is enacted :
I.
That all trustees ,
executors , administrators ,
or
other
persons having in their hands any moneys belonging to any
trust whatever, or the major part of them, shall be at liberty
on filing an affidavit shortly describing the instrument creating
the trust, to pay the same into the Bank of England, to the
account of the particular trust, subject to the order of the
Court of Chancery, and that all trustees or other persons
having any annuities or stocks of the Bank of England, of
the East India Company, or South Sea Company, or any
Government or Parliamentary securities standing in their
names, or in the names of any deceased persons of whom
they shall be personal representatives, upon any trust, or the
land v. Lord Tredegar, 35 Beav. 256;
Lowndes v. Williams, 24 L. T. N. S.
465.
[(a) Essery v. Cowlard, 26 Ch . D.
191; Addington v. Mellor, 33 W. R.
232.]
[(b) It has been held that under
this Act it is the duty of executors to
pay an infant's legacy into Court, and
that they are not justified in investing the legacy in Consols and accumulating
it at compound interest,
Rimell v. Simpson, 18 L. J. N. S. Ch .
55; but
it may well be doubted
whether this decision would now be
followed, as a trustee may properly
deal with a fund out of Court in the
same manner as the Court would have
dealt with it if under its control.]