*188
[Сн. Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
to himself through the medium of his fiduciary character, he is
accountable as a constructive trustee for those profits to his employer or other person whose interest he was bound to advance.
19. Unauthorized fall of timber.-Again, a constructive
trust may arise under special instances in respect of waste .
If a tenant for life commit legal waste by felling timber, the
tenant of the first estate of inheritance at the time (though
there be an intermediate life estate [and though there be a
possibility of intermediate estates of inheritance coming into
esse (g) ] ) can recover the trees or damages (h), for even an
intermediate tenant for life, though he be unimpeach[*188] able of waste, * cannot claim the timber against the
owner of the inheritance (a); and if the tenant for
life commit equitable waste, the rule is the same, and the
timber belongs to the owner of the first estate of inheritance,
notwithstanding intermediate estates for life (6) ; and the
wrongdoer is accountable for the proceeds, with interest at
4 per cent (c), without being allowed for repairs (d) ; but
subject to the bar of the statute of limitations which begins
to run from the time of the waste (e).
It may happen, however, that the wrongdoer is himself, at the time, the owner of
the first estate of inheritance, while intermediate estates of
inheritance may arise in future ; as in a limitation to A. for
life, remainder to his first and other sons in tail, remainder
to B. for life, remainder to his first and other sons in tail,
[(g) Cavendish v. Mundy, W. N.
1877, p. 198 ; Simpson v. Simpson, 3
L. R. Ir. 308.]
[(h) Formerly a court of law was
the proper tribunal in which to sue
for a recovery of the trees or for
damages, and relief was given in
equity only when the plaintiff asked
for an account or injunction, Gent v.
Harrison, Johns. 517; Higginbotham
v. Hawkins, 7 L. R. Ch . App. 676 ;
Whitfield v . Brewit, 2 P. Wms. 240;
Lee v . Allston, 1 B. C. C. 194 ; 3 В. С.
C. 38; and see Seagram v. Knight, 3
L. R. Eq. 398 ; 2 L. R. Ch . App. 628.
But now by 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66, s. 24,
the jurisdictions of Courts of Law
and Equity have been assimilated.]
517.(a) See Gent v. Harrison, Johns .
(b) Rolt v. Somerville, 3 Eq. C. Ab.
759; Ormonde v. Kynersley, 5 Mad.
369 ; 2 S. & S.15; Butler v. Kynnersley, 2 Bligh, N. S. 385 ; 7 L. J. O. S.
150; Lushington v.Boldero, 15 Beav.
1; Duke of Leeds v. Amherst, 2 Ph.
117; Honywood v. Honywood, 18 L.
R. Eq. 306 .
(c) Garth v. Cotton, 3Atk. 751 .
(d) Whitfield v. Bewit, 2 P. Wms .
240.
(e) Seagram v. Knight, 3 L. R.
Eq. 398 ;
2 L.
R. Ch . App. 628 ;
[Simpson v . Simpson, 3 L. R. Ir . 308 ;]
and see Higginbotham v. Hawkins, 7
L. R. Ch. App. 676.