CH. XII. S. 2.

PROPERTIES OF THE LEGAL ESTATE.
*223

2. Trust chattels subject to forfeiture, &c.-So chattels real and personal held upon trust were forfeitable until the late
Act (which extends to personal as well as real estate),
for the offence of the trustee (a) ; but in the case [*223]
of two joint trustees, a moiety only was forfeited, and
the King and the other trustee were tenants in common (b).
Devolve on executor.
On the decease of the trustee the
chattel, as part of his personal estate at law, devolves on his
executor or administrator.
And if the executor die after
probate, having appointed an executor, the chattel becomes
vested in that executor .

3. Renunciation by one executor. - Until a late Act, if an
executor had renounced probate, the renunciation, though
prima facie absolute (c), might have been retracted at any
time before a new administration was granted.
Hence
where two executors were named and one renounced, and
the acting executor died having appointed executors, but
pre-deceased his co-executor, it was necessary to take out
letters of administration to the original testator, for the acting executor not being the survivor did not transmit the
interest, and the renouncing executor declined to act (d) .
But now by 20 & 21 Vict. c. 77, s. 79, where an executor renounces probate, the rights of such executor are made to
cease ; and the representation to the testator and the administration of his effects, without further renunciation, go, devolve and are committed as if such person had not been
appointed executor (e).
But the Act does not apply to the
case of a person who renounced before the Act came into operation, and if he renounced before the Act, any second renunciation after the Act for the purpose of bringing himself
the question arose whether the vesting order had any effect, having regard to the 30th sect. of the late act,
and the Court, upon motion, directed
that " notwithstanding the previous
order, the land should vest in the new
trustees for all the estate therein then
vested in the legal personal representative," Re Pilling's Trusts , 26 Ch .
D.432.]
Hard. 466, per Lord Hale ; Wike's
case, Lane, 54; Scounden v. Hawley,
Comb. 172, per Dolben, J.; Jenk.
219, c. 66 ; ib. 245, c. 30.
(b) Wike's case, Lane, 54.
(c) Venables v. East India Company, 2 Exch . 633 .
(d) Arnold v. Blencowe, 1 Cox,
(a) Pawlett v. Attorney-General,
426.
(e) In re Goods of C. Lorimer, 10
W. R. 809, & 2 S. & T. 471.
307