*100
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
power to withhold and accumulate any portion of the interest during the life of A., and therefore, on his bankruptcy,
the assignees became absolutely entitled (d).
The question
to be asked in these cases is, On the decease of the cestui
que trust would his executor have a right to call upon the
trustees retrospectively to account for the arrears ? (e) .
If
he would, then the creditors are prospectively entitled to the
payments in futuro .
13.
Trusts for maintenance, &c.-But where a trust is not
exclusively for the benefit of the bankrupt, but of the bankrupt and another person, the creditors will, of course, take
only so much as was intended for the bankrupt.
Thus
where real and personal estate was vested by a marriage
settlement in trustees upon trust to apply the annual produce
thereof " for the maintenance and support of A. B. his wife
and children, if any, or otherwise, if they thought proper, to
permit the same to be received by A. B. for his life," and
A. B. became bankrupt, leaving a wife but no children, the
Master of the Rolls said, " There could be no doubt of the
intention of the settlement, that the wife should be supported out of the property, and he was of opinion that so long as the wife and children were maintained by A. B., the
trustees had a discretion to give him the whole income, but
that it was their duty to see that the wife and children were
maintained ; that the assignees took everything, subject to
what was proper to be allowed for the maintenance of the
wife and children, and that it must be referred to
[*100] * the Master to settle a proper allowance" (a). And
where trustees have an arbitrary power of applying
or not applying a fund for the benefit of the bankrupt, or of
applying the fund in the alternative either for the benefit of
the bankrupt or of another person, the bankruptcy will have
no effect upon the power (b).
Thus, where a fund was
(d) Snowdon v. Dales, 6 Sim . 524.
(e) See Re Sanderson's Trust, 3 K.
& J. 497.
(a) Page v. Way, 3 Beav. 20.
[(b) See Chambers v. Smith, 3 App.
Cas . 795, 808, where Lord O'Hagan
observed, " If
the debtor have a
vested property and an absolute claim
they will of course pass from him;
but if the property and the claim are
subject to conditions and liable to be
affected by the discretionary action
of other people, the creditor cannot
escape the fulfilment of the conditions