*301
[CH. XIV. S. 3.
DIRECTION TO ACCUMULATE.
rule, under which a direction to convert wasting property
is implied, being to secure a fair adjustment of the rights of
the tenant for life and those coming after him, it follows
that where a residue which, without any express trust for
conversion, is bequeathed to persons in succession, consists
of property which, though not wasting, is of a class producing a high rate of interest in proportion to its money value,
and liable consequently to additional risk such as railway
shares, shares of insurance or other companies, foreign bonds,
or stocks, &c., the persons entitled in expectancy have a
right to call for the conversion of such property into Three
per Cent. Stock (d).
8. Case of debts.-Even where the general estate or residue is directed to be enjoyed specifically, the tenant for life
is not entitled to enjoy in specie what is not an investment,
but a mere debt (e), and a special power for the executors
and trustees "to continue invested any of the testator's government securities" will not justify the trustees in continuing
[*301]
long annuities (f).
* 9.
Direction for investment of personal estate and
accumulations of income in land.-If a testator direct
that his personal estate shall be converted and laid out in a
purchase of lands, to be settled upon A. for life, with remainders over, and that the interest of the personal estate shall be
accumulated and laid out in a purchase of lands to be settled
to the same uses, the Court to prevent the hardship that
would fall upon the tenants for life, if the purchases were
deferred for a long period, either from unavoidable circumstances, or from the dilatoriness of the trustee, interprets the
intention in such cases to be that the accumulation should
be confined to one year from the testator's death.
At the
expiration of that period, the Court presumes the trustees to
(d) Thornton v. Ellis, 15 Beav. 193; Blann v. Bell, 5 De G. & Sm. 658; 2 De G. M. & G. 775 ; Wightwick v. Lord, 6 H. L. Cas. 217.
But
the Court will not allow a mortgage
to be called in, without an inquiry
whether it is for the benefit of all
parties to do so; per Lord Eldon, in
Howe v. Dartmouth, 7 Ves. 150.
(e) Holgate v. Jennings, 24 Beav. 630, per M. R.; but it may be doubted
whether the general doctrine laid down was rightly applied.
(f) Tickner v. Old, 18 L. R. Eq. 416