RENEWAL OF LEASES .
First. Where the fund for the fines is pointed out.
1. How to be levied out of " rents, issues, and profits," where
the leases are for years.-If there be an express trust to provide the fines for renewals out of the " rents, issues, and profits," and the leaseholds are terms of years not determinable on lives, so that the times of renewal can * be [*367]
certainly ascertained, it will be the duty of the trustees to lay by every year such a proportion of the annual
income as against the period of renewal will constitute a
fund sufficient for the purpose (a) .
2. Fines to be levied out of rents and profits, or by mortgage.
-If the trust be to levy the fines for renewal out of the
" rents , issues, and profits, or by mortgage," it was held in a
case before Sir J. Leach that the annual rents only would in
the first instance be applicable, for he considered the authority to mortgage not as making it optional with the trustees
whether they should or not affect the interests of the remainderman, by throwing the charge of the renewal upon
the corpus of the property, but as given for the protection of
the cestuis que trust in case the amount of the fine should
not be otherwise forthcoming (6), and intimated that should
the trustees be under the necessity of mortgaging, the Court
would call back from the party in possession the amount of
the incumbrance thus temporarily incurred (c).
However,
in the later case of Jones v. Jones (d) , where the trustees
were empowered to levy the fines " by and out of the rents,
issues , and profits , or by mortgage, or by such other ways and
means as should be advisable," the Court, after observing
that to levy the fines from the rents would throw them on
the tenant for life, while a mortgage would be oppressive to
the remainderman, declined to give any opinion whether the
trustees might not, had they exercised their discretion, have
determined upon whom the burthen should fall ; but as the
trustees had not exercised their discretion, it was held that
(a) Lord Montfort v. Lord Cadogan, 17 Ves . 485 ; S. C. 19 Ves. 635;
see Earl of Shaftesbury v. Duke of
Marlborough , 2 M. & K. 121 ; Blake
v. Peters , 1 De G. J. & S. 345.
(6) Milsintown v. Earl of Portmore, 5 Mad. 471; and see Milles v.
Milles, 6 Ves , 761 .
(c) 5. Mad. 472 ; and see Earl of
Shaftesbury v . Duke of Marlborough,
2 Μ. & Κ. 121, 123.
(d) 5 Hare, 440.