*145
[CH. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
vendor to have a lien upon the property for the £400,
[*145] as for unpaid purchase * money (a) .
However, in a
similar case of absolute sale upon the face of the deed,
but where the grantee afterwards admitted himself in writing
to be a trustee, Lord Kenyon held that, as the written evidence established facts inconsistent with the deed, further
evidence by parol was admissible to prove the truth of
the transaction (6) .
7. Mistake or fraud.-Of course the Court will not permit the grantee to retain the beneficial interest if there was
any mistake on the part of the grantor (c), or any mala fides
on the part of the grantee (d).
But if the grantor himself
intended a fraud upon the law, the assurance, if the defendant set up the defence, will remain absolute against the
grantor (e) ; but if the defendant admit the trust, it seems
the Court will relieve (f) .
8. Addition to a trust fund.- If a person invest a sum in
the names of the trustees of his marriage settlement, no
trust will result, the presumption being that he meant itto
be held upon the trusts of the settlement (g) ; and Sir J.
Bacon once observed generally, that in marriage settlements
the resulting trust was not in favour of the settlor (h), meaning it is conceived that the presumption of making provision
for the persons marrying and their issue, was strong enough
in certain cases to prevail against the general rule.
(But
467; Grey v . Grey, 2 Swans . 598, per
Lord Nottingham; Elliot v. Elliot,
2 Ch . Ca. 232, per eundum ; and see
Hayes
v .
Kingdome,
1 Vern .
33 ;
Baylis v . Newton, 2 Vern . 28 ; Cook
v. Hutchinson, 1 Keen,42.
(a) Leman v. Whitley, 4 Russ.
423.
(b) Cripps v . Jee, 4 B. C. С. 472 .
(c) Birch v . Blagrave, Amb. 264 ;
Anon., cited Woodman v . Morrell, 2
Freem. 33 ;
Childers v . Childers, 1
De G. & Jon. 482 ; Manning v. Gill,
13 L. R. Eq. 485 ; Davies v. Otty
(No. 2), 35 Beav. 208 ; and see Attorney-General v. Poulden, 8 Sim .
472.
(d) Lloyd v. Spillet, 2 Atk. 150 ;
S. C. Barn. 388, per Lord Hardwicke ;
Hutchins v. Lee, 1 Atk. 448, per eundem; Young v. Peachy, 2 Atk. 254;
Wilkinson v . Brayfield, cited ib. 257;
S. C. reported 2 Vern. 307 ; Davies v.
Otty (No. 2), 35 Beav. 208.
(e) Cottington v. Fletcher, 2 Atk.
156, per Lord Hardwicke ; and see
Chaplin v . Chaplin, 3 P.
W. 233 ;
Muckleston v. Brown, 6 Ves . 68.
(f) See
Cottington v. Fletcher,
Muckleston v. Brown, ubi suprà .
(g) Re Curteis's Trust, 14 L. R.
Eq. 217.
(h) Rainy v . Ellis, W. N. 1872, р .
104; [and see S. C. 26 L. T. N. S.
602, and on appeal 27 L. T. N. S.
463.]