CH. III. S. 1.

*25 INFANTS .
during the coverture only. But in all cases where the
power of anticipation is restrained, the feme covert can
make no disposition of the property, except as to the
annual produce which has actually become due (a) .

[*25]
If a settlement be fraudulently procured from the
wife by a husband by virtue of her separate use, it may be
set aside (b) .
9. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 93.-The Married Women's Property
Act, 1870 (c) , enacted by sect. 1, that wages and earnings
made by a married woman separately from her husband after
the date of the Act (9th of Aug. 1870), were to be deemed
settled to her separate use ; and, by sect. 7, that where a
woman married after the date of the Act was entitled to
any personal property as next of kin, or to any sum not
exceeding 200l., under any deed or will, it should belong to
her for her separate use ; and, by the next section, that
"rents and profits " of any real estate descending upon such
married woman as heiress, should also belong to her for her
separate use.
[45 & 46 Vict. c. 75.-This Act has been repealed and its
place supplied by the Married Women's Property Act, 1882
(d), which makes all property acquired after the commencement of the Act (1st of January, 1883), by women married
before that date, and also all the property of women married
after that date, their separate property.]
10. Infants.-If an Infant before the Fines and Recoveries
Act had levied a fine or suffered a recovery, he might also
have declared the uses (e), and unless the fine or recovery
had been reversed by him during his nonage he had been
bound by the declaration (f), but deeds have now been substituted for fines and recoveries, and every deed of an infant,
whether under the Act or independent of it, either is void
or may be avoided.
[(a) See now 44 & 45 Vic. c. 41. s.
39, under which a married woman
with the consent of the Court may
bind her interest notwithstanding a
restraint on alienation.]
(6) Knight v. Knight, 11 Jur. N.
S. 617.
(c) 33 & 34 Vic. c. 93.
[(d) 45 & 46 Vic. c. 75; see as to
these acts post, Chap. XXVIII. sect.
6.]
(e) Gilb. on Uses, 41, 245, 250.
(f) Gilb. on Uses, 246.