TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES.

Where trustees assembled at a meeting of their body duly constituted, and having power to determine on any sale, exchange, partition, mortgage, lease, or other disposition of any property of the charity," are empowered to pass the legal estate for giving effect to such disposition (g).

40. Re-investment of sale monies .-Where a sale or exchange is effected under the Charity Acts, the purchase or exchange monies may be laid out with the consent of the Commissioners in the purchase of other lands without a licence * in mortmain (a). But the Act is silent [*541]
as to the requirement of 9 G. 2, c. 36, and the conveyance should therefore be by deed indented attested by two witnesses, and inrolled in Chancery within six calendar months (b).

41.
Investment of accumulations
in land.- Where there
are accumulations from a charity estate, the Court, considering the purchase of land with personal estate belonging to charity to be opposed to the general policy of 9 G. 2, c. 36,
will not as a general rule sanction such an investment (c).
But there is nothing illegal in such an investment, if accompanied with the formalities required by the Mortmain Act ;
and therefore should a highly beneficial purchase offer itself,
the trustees themselves would, it is conceived, run no risk
in so investing the accumulations (d).
Indeed the Court
itself has made such orders where the purchase of the land
was not the main object, but incidental to a general scheme
as for the enlargement of a school (e).
But in every case
where land comes into mortmain for the first time, the conveyance must be by indenture sealed and delivered in the presence of two credible witnesses, and inrolled within six calendar months from the execution (f).

Inrolment.-Even where the land of a charity, whether
(g) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 136, s. 16 ; and
see the still later enactment of 32 &
33 Vict. c. 110, s. 12, post, p. 547.
(a) 18 & 19 Vict. c. 124, s. 35.
(b) As to these requirements, see
ante, p. 96.
(c) Attorney-General v. Wilson , 2
Keen, 680.
188.(d) See Vaughan v. Farrer, 2 Ves .
(e) Attorney-General v. Mansfield,
14 Sim. 601 ; Honnor's Trust, V. C.
Kindersley, May 3, 1853 .
(f) But see Attorney-General r.
Day, 1 Ves , sen. 222.
As to purchases before 25 July, 1828, see 9 G.
4, с. 85.
735