*97
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS.
of land to trustees for open public grounds, for recreation
of adults or playgrounds for children.]

7. Erection of buildings.-The Act of 31 & 32 Vict. c.
44, exempts from the mortmain act all dispositions of land
(except by will) made after the passing of the Act (13th
July, 1868), to trustees of any society associated together
for religious purposes, or for the promotion of education, arts,
literature, science, or other like purposes, for the erection on
such land of buildings for such purposes, or any of them.

8. Parks, schools, and museums.
And the Act of 34 Vict.
c. 13, exempts from the statutes of mortmain all gifts of
land by deed or will for the purposes of a public park, a
school house for an elementary school, or a public museum,
and all bequests of personalty for the like purposes ; but
gifts by will, and voluntary grants, must be made twelve
months before the death of the testator or grantor, and must
be inrolled within six calendar months after the time when
the same shall come into operation, and the gift must not
exceed twenty acres for a park, or two acres for a museum,
or one acre for a school.

9. Perpetuities.-A perpetuity will no more be tolerated
under cover of a trust, than when it displays itself undisguised in a settlement of the legal estate (a) .

"If in
(a) See Duke of Norfolk's case, 3 Ch . Ca. 20, 28, 35, 48.
1 Perpetuities.-The same law applies to equitable as to legal estates ; Schettler v. Smith, 41 N.Y. 329 ; Burrill v. Boardman, 43 N. Y. 254 ; Knox v. Jones,
47 N. Y. 397 ; Sears v . Putnam, 102 Mass. 5; Lovering v. Worthington, 106Mass.
86; Barnett's App. 46 Pa. St. 392; 86 Am. Dec. 502. A trust which cannot
vest in the time allowed by law is void; Sears v . Russell, 8 Gray, 86. A testator cannot direct an estate to be limited beyond that time, and persons
taking, must be capable of taking directly; Barnum v. Barnum, 26 Md. 119 ;
Fonda v. Penfield, 56 Barb. 503.
But not so as to changing trustees; Clark
v. Platt, 30 Conn. 282.
A trust for a charitable object is not subject to the
rule of perpetuities ; Miller v . Chittenden, 2 Ia. 362; Gass v. Wilhite, 2 Dana,
183; Yard's App. 64 Pa. St. 95 ; Griffin v. Graham, 1 Hawks . 131 ; Beekman
v. Bonsor, 23 N. Y. 308 ; Bascom v. Albertson, 34 N. Y. 598.
If the contingency attaching to a remainder of an equitable estate may happen, the
property is held in abeyance, and then either vests or fails ; Newark Church
v. Clark, 41 Mich. 730 ; Hardenburgh v. Blair, 30 N. J. Eq. 42. A direction
for accumulation during minority, the income to go to the minor for life, and
at his death the principal to others is void; see N. Y. Rev. St. 2180 et. seq.
§3 . A devise to son, in case he can be found after diligent inquiry, correspondence, and publication for the space of twenty years, is not void for