indeed, the more precaution a person took by increasing the number of the trustees, the greater would be the chance of
the abrupt determination of the trust by the death of any one .
Even where the trust was to raise the sum of 2000l. out of
the testator's estate "by sale or otherwise, at the discretion
of his trustees, who should invest the same in the names of
the said trustees upon trust," &c., and one of the two trustees died, and the survivor sold ; Vice Chancellor Wood
decided that the survivor could make a good title.
"I find,"
he said, " a clear estate in the vendor, and a clear duty to
perform.
Is it to be said that the sale is a breach of trust
because the co-trustee is dead ?
If I were to lay down such
a rule, it would come to this, that wherever an estate was
vested in two or more trustees to raise a sum by sale or
mortgage, you must come to the Court on the death of one
of the trustees " (e) .
2. Trust survives, though there be a power of appointment of
new trustees.
The survivorship of the trust will not be
defeated because the settlement contains a power for restoring the original number of trustees by new appointments (f) :
unless there be something in the instrument that specially
manifests such an intention (g) .
Even in an Act of Parliament, which declared in very strong terms that the survivors
should (h), and they were thereby required to appoint new
trustees, the Court said the proviso was analogous to
the * common one in settlements, and expressed an [*263 ]
opinion ( for the decision was upon another point),
that the clause was not imperative, but merely of a directory
character (a) .
sentative of the deceased trustee a
party; Slater v . Wheeler, 9 Sim . 156.
(e) Lane v. Debenham, 11 Hare,
188; and see Hind v. Poole, 1 K. &
J. 383 .
(f) See Doe v . Godwin, 1 D. & R.
259; Warburton r. Sandys, 14 Sim .
622; compare Townsend v. Wilson,
1 B. & Ald. 608, with Hall v. Dewes ,
Jac. 193; and see Attorney-General
v. Floyer, 2 Vern. 7483; Jacob v.
Lucas, 1 Beav. 436 ; Attorney-General
v. Cuming, 2 Y. & C. C. C. 139.
(g) Foley v. Wontner, 2 J. & W.
245; and see Jacob v. Lucas, 1 Beav.
436.
(h) As to the force of the words
" shall and may " in an Act of Parliament, see Attorney-General v. Lock,
3 Atk. 166 ; Stamper v . Millar, Id.
212 ; Rex v. Flockwood, 2 Chit. Rep .
252.
(a) Doe v. Godwin, 1 D. & R. 259.