*513
[CH. XX. S. 1.
VALIDITY OF TRUST
the assignment (c), or subsequently acquiesced in it (d),
they could not afterwards treat it as an act of bankruptcy,
for it was not fraudulent as to them. And a trust deed,
which as concurred or acquiesced in by all the creditors could
not have been impeached under a fiat sued out by a creditor,
could not be impeached under the bankrupt's own fiat (e) .
12. Trader might assign part in trust for his creditors.Unless he contemplated bankruptcy.- If a person assigned
part only of his property in trust for creditors, then, if the
transaction was fair and bonâ fide, and in the ordinary course
of business, or upon the pressure of the creditors, it was not
open to objection (f) ; but if the settlor contemplated bankruptcy (g) , or even thought it probable, though not inevitable (h), and wished to give an undue preference to certain
creditors over others, it was fraudulent, and constituted an
act of bankruptcy.
13. Assent or acquiescence.-Although the deed was void
for any reason at law, yet it might be supported in equity as
to creditors who had assented to it, or acquiesced in it, though
without actual execution (i) .
(c) Eckhardt v. Wilson, 8 T. R.
142, per Cur.; Bamford v. Baron, 2
T. R. 594, note (a) ; Tappenden v.
Burgess, 4 East, 230, per Lord Ellenborough; Ex parte Cawkwell, 1Rose,
313.
(d) Ex parte Crawford, 1 Chris.
B. L. 97, 140 ; Ex parte Low, 1 G. & J.
84, per Lord Eldon; Ex parte Cawkwell, 1 Rose, 313 ; Ex parte Shaw, 1
Mad. 598 ; Back v. Gooch, 4 Camp.
432; S. C. Holt, 13.
(e) Ex parte Philpot, De Gex,346 ;
Ex parte Louch, Id. 463 ; Ex parte
Thomas , Id. 612.
(f) Hale v. Allnutt, 18 C. B. 505;
Wheelwright v. Jackson, 5. Taunt.
109; Hartshorn v. Slodden, 2 B. & P.
582 ; Fidgeon v. Sharp, 5 Taunt. 539 ;
Small v. Oudley, 2 P. W. 427; Cock
v. Goodfellow, 10 Mod. 489 ; Compton
v. Bedford, 1 W. Bl. 362, per . Lord
Mansfield; Hooper v. Smith, 1 W.
Bl . 441; Alderson v. Temple, 4 Burr.
2240, per Lord Mansfield ; Wilson 2.
Day, 2 Burr. 830, per eundem ;
Ib.
831, per Foster and Wilmot; Jacob v.
Shepherd, cited Worseley v. De Mattos, 1 Burr. 478 ; Harmon v. Fisher,
Cowp. 123, per Lord Mansfield ; Rust
v. Cooper, Cowp. 634, per eundem ; Ex
parte Scudamore, 3 Ves . 85; and see
Estwick v. Caillaud, 5 T. R. 424; Newton v. Chantler,7 East, 144; Johnson
v . Fesenmeyer, 25 Beav. 88 ; Ex parte
Gass, 2 I. R. Eq. 284.
(g) Linton v. Bartlet, 3 Wils. 47;
Morgan v. Horseman, 3 Taunt. 241 ;
Alderson v. Temple, 4 Burr. 2238 ;
Round v. Byde, 1 Cooke, B. L. 114,
3d ed.; Devon v. Watts, Doug. 86;
Pulling v . Tucker, 4 B. & Ald. 382 ;
Harman v. Fisher, Cowp . 117.
(h) Poland v . Glyn, 2 D & . R.
310; Guthrie v. Crossley, 2 C. & P.
301.
(i) Spottiswoode v. Stockdale, G.
Coop. 102 ; Re Baber's Trust, 10 L.
R. Eq. 554.