*405
[CH. XVII . S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
excluded altogether, or whether it would be an ademption pro tanto or to the extent of the advance.
It has now been
settled that under such circumstances the subsequent advance
will be an ademption pro tanto, so that the child can claim
only the balance of the legacy (b) .
9. Residue.
A share of a testator's residuary estate is
regarded as a legacy to the amount of the share, and therefore if a testator bequeaths his residuary estate amongst his
children and afterwards makes an advance in favour of a
child, such advance, if it equal or exceed the amount of the
share, will be an ademption of the whole share, and, if it be
of less amount, will be an ademption of that child's share
of the residue pro tanto (c) .
So if a parent make a provision for a child in his lifetime and afterwards bequeaths
a residue to the same child, the amount of the residue will
be an absolute or partial satisfaction to the amount of the
residue (d) .
10. Codicil.-It has been argued that where a testator
gives a legacy to a child and then makes an advance, and
then by a codicil republishes the will, the original legacy
shall be restored.
But the Court has held the true construction of the codicil to be that the will is to have the effect
which it would have had if the codicil had not been made
except as altered by the codicil, and that as the double provision would not have taken place had the codicil not been
made, it will not be set up by the codicil (e) .
11. Husband and issue.-As a child's portion is commonly
681; Ex parte Pye, 18 Ves. 151;
Platt v. Platt, 3 Sim. 512.
(b) Pym v. Lockyer, 5 M. & Cr.
29; Kirk v. Eddowes, 3 Hare, 509 ;
Ex parte Pye, 18 Ves . 151, per Lord
Eldon; Montefiore v. Guedalla, 1 De
G. F. & J. 100, per Campbell, C.; Re
Pollock, 28 Ch. D. 552.
[If a father
stands in the
position of a mere
debtor to his child, advances by him
of sums less than the amount of the
indebtedness are not pro tanto a satisfaction of the debt ; Reade v. Reade,
9 L. R. Ir. 409.]
(c) Dawson v. Dawson, 4 L. R. Eq.
504; Montefiore v. Guedalla, 1 De G.
F. & J. 93 ; Stevenson v. Masson, 17
L. R. Eq.
78 ;
and
see Smith υ.
Strong, 4 B. C. C. 493 ; Freemantle
v. Bankes, 5 Ves. 79 ; Smyth v. Johnston, 31 L. T. N. S. 876.
(d) Thynne v. Glengall, 2 H. L.
Ca. 131; Earl of Glengal v. Barnard,
1 Keen, 769 ; Montefiore v. Guedalla,
1 De G. F. & J. 103, per L. J. Turner ;
Rickman v . Morgan, 2 B. C. С. 394.
(e) Booker v. Allen, 2 R. & M.
270, see 300 ; Lloyd v. Harvey, Ib.
310; Monck v . Monck, 1 B. & Β. 298;
and see Roome v. Roome, 3 Atk. 181.
552