CH. XVII . S. 1.

*398

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .

to provide only for such children as should survive the surviving parent."

4. Where vesting not provided for by the settlement. Where the settlement is silent as to the vesting of the portions, the Court has to fall back upon general principles, and
Remnant v. Hood (c) is an important case upon this
head.
A testator devised * his estate to Samuel [*398]
Thorold for life, with remainder to his first and other
sons successively in tail, with remainder to his first and
other daughters successively in tail, and enabled the tenant
for life to charge 2,000l. for the portions of his younger
children.
S. Thorold accordingly upon his marriage charged
2,000l. to be raised within three months from his decease in
favour of his younger children, but gave no directions as
to the time of vesting.
There was issue of the marriage a
son and six daughters ; the son died an infant in the father's
lifetime, so that on the death of the father the eldest daughter became tenant in tail in possession.
Two others of the
daughters died infants in their father's lifetime, and the three
remaining daughters married and attained twenty-one and
two of them survived the father, but the other died in his
lifetime.
It was conceded by the counsel that the infants
who died in the father's lifetime would take nothing, though
L. J. Knight Bruce entertained a doubt (a).
But as to the
one who attained twenty-one and died in the father's lifetime, it was contended that the portion as a charge upon
land had by the death of the portionist before the time for
raising it sunk for the benefit of the estate.
It was ruled,
however, to the contrary, and the deceased child who had
attained twenty-one and married was held entitled to participate.
Lord Justice Turner, who applied himself to the
points raised with his usual care, observed, " There are three
periods at which the portions may have been intended to
vest ; the period of the birth of the children, the period at
which they would require their portions (which, according
to the ordinary habit in such cases as evidenced by the usual
course of settlement, would be at twenty-one, or as to the
daughters on marriage), and the period of the death of the
(c) 2 De G. F. & J. 396.
(a) See 2 De G. F. & J. 403.
543