ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRUST.
not to have accepted the trust by merely taking the settlement into his custody until a trustee could be found (e) .

14. Devisee of several trust estates.- If [in a case not falling within the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act,
1881 (f) ] a trustee of two distinct settlements, created at
different times and wholly independent of each other, devise
all his trust estates to the same person, can such person
accept one estate and disclaim the other?
It would probably be held that he might ; but he should lose no time in
manifesting his intention ; for, should he act as owner of
one estate and not expressly disclaim the other, the law
would presume him to have accepted both.

15.
Position of administrator where
executor and
trustee renounces.
If A. be named as executor and trustee, and he
renounces probate and disclaims the trust, and B. takes out
letters of administration with the will annexed ; B., though
he thus becomes the personal representative, is not also the
trustee of the will, nor is he a trustee in any sense, except
as holding the surplus assets after the ordinary administration, with notice of a trust. A proper trustee can only be
appointed by the Court (g) .

16. Executor converting himself into a trustee. - Where a
fund is given to a person upon certain trusts, and he is
appointed executor, as soon as he has severed the legacy
from the general assets, and appropriated it to the specific
purpose, he dismisses the character of executor, and
assumes that of trustee (h) .
* Indeed, the assent of [*205]
the executor to a legacy to himself in trust, however
proved, converts him to a trustee (a) .

17. Parol evidence.
Upon the question of acceptance or
non-acceptance of the office, parol evidence is of course
admissible as on any other issue (b) .
(e) Evans v. John, 4 Beav. 35 .
[(f) 44 & 45 Vict. c 41, s. 30.]
(g) See Wyman v. Carter, 12 L. R.
Eq. 309.
(h) Phillipo v. Munnings, 2 M. &
C. 309; Byrchall v. Bradford, 6Mad.
13; S. C. ib. 235 ; Ex parte Dover,
5 Sim. 500; Ex parte Wilkinson, 3
Mont. & Ayr. 145; see Willmott v.
Jenkins, 1 Beav. 401 .
(a) Dix v. Burford, 19 Beav. 409 .
(b) See James v. Frearson, 1 Y. &
С. С. С. 370 .