*234

TRUSTEE'S RIGHT TO VOTE.
[CH. XII. S. 2.

Equity, being at law regarded in the light of a stranger (b) .

So the trustee of a manor is the person to appoint the steward of it (c), and the trustees of an advowson to present to
the church (d), but in either case he has the mere legal right,
and is bound in equity to observe the directions of his cestui que trust (e).

24. Trustee must prove in bankruptcy.
So where a debtor
to the trust estate becomes bankrupt, the trustee may prove
for the debt, and that without the concurrence of the cestui
que trust (f), unless it be such a simple trust as where A. is
trustee for B. absolutely, and then it rests in the discretion
of the judge to require the concurrence of the cestui que
trust, for who knows but that B. may have already received
the money (g).

Case of trustee a bankrupt.- If the trustee himself become
bankrupt a cestui que trust may obtain an order to prove for
the whole sum and will be entitled to vote at the choice of
the creditors' trustee (h). A mere trustee of a debt for a
person absolutely entitled and under no disability, cannot
present a bankruptcy petition against the debtor without the
concurrence of his cestui que trust ; for as the cestui que trust
who was competent to do so might have released the debt,
" it might well happen that there was no real debt at all,
although in legal parlance there might be a debt; " 1 and it
makes no difference that the trustee has obtained final judgment against the debtor for the amount, and has served a

(b) See Allen v. Imlett, Holt, 641;
Gibson v. Winter, 4 B. & Ad. 96 ; May
v. Taylor, 6 M. & Gr. 261.
But see now 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66.

(c) Mott v. Buxton, 7 Ves. 201;
and see Cary, 14; eundem ; Kensey v. Langham, Cas. t. Talb. 144, per Lord Talbot ;
Amhurst v. Dawling, 2 Vern. 401 ; Barret v. Glubb, Sir W. Black. Rep. 1053, per
De Grey, J.; and see post.

(f) Ex parte Green, 2 D. & Ch. 116, per Cur.

(d) See Re Shrewsbury School, 1 M. & Cr. 647; Hill v. Bishop of London, 1 Atk. 618.

(e) Attorney-General v. Parker, 3 Atk. 577, per Lord Hardwicke ; Attorney-General
v. Forster, 10 Ves. 338, per Lord Eldon ; Attorney-General v. Newcombe, 14 Ves. 7,
per

(g) Ex parte Dubois, 1 Cox, 310;
and see Ex parte Battier, Buck, 426 ;
Ex parte Gray, 4 D. & Ch. 778 ;
[Ex
parte Culley, 9 Ch. D. 307.]

(h) Ex parte Cadwallader, 4 De G. F. & J. 499 .

1Ex parte Culley, 9 Ch. D. 307 ; Ex parte Dearle, 14 Q. B. D. 184, 191 .