*487
[CH. XVIII. S. 3.
PURCHASES
BY TRUSTEES .
perform the two functions of seller and buyer ; for there is
no rule that a trustee, whether for sale or otherwise, may
not purchase from his cestui que trust (b) .
Hence, while a
purchase by a trustee conducting the sale, either personally
or by his agent, cannot stand, a purchase by a trustee from
a cestui que trust of the interest of the latter in the trust
may stand, if the trustee can show that the fullest information and every advantage were given to the cestui que
trust (c) .
However, a purchase by a trustee from his cestui
que trust is at all times a transaction of great nicety, and one
which the Courts will watch with the utmost jealousy (d)
[and will set aside if the consideration was insufficient (e)] ;
and the exception runs, it is said, so near the verge of the
rule, that it might as well have been included within it (f) .
8. The relation of trustee and cestui que trust must first be
dissolved.-Before any dealing with the cestui que trust, the
relation between the trustee and cestui que trust must be
actually or virtually dissolved.
The trustee may, if he
pleases, retire from the office, and qualify himself for becoming a purchaser by divesting himself of that character (g) ,
or if he retain the situation, the parties must be put so much
at arm's length, that they agree to stand in the adverse
situations of vendor and purchaser (h), the cestui que trust
distinctly and fully understanding that he is selling to the
trustee, and consenting to waive all objections upon that
(b) Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves. 626,
per Lord Eldon ; Coles v. Trecothick,
9 Ves . 244, 246, per eundem ; Gibson
v. Jeyes , 6 Ves. 277, per eundem ;
Downes v. Grazebrook, 3 Mer. 208,
per eundem ; Randall v. Errington, 10
Ves. 426, per Sir W. Grant ; Whichcote v. Lawrence, 3Ves . 750, per Lord
Rosslyn; Sanderson v. Walker, 13
Ves . 601, per Lord Eldon ; Ayliffe v.
Murray, 2 Atk. 59, per Lord Hardwicke ; Kilbee v. Sneyd, 2 Moll. 214,
per Sir A. Hart.
(c) Denton v. Donner, 23 Beav.
285; Luff v . Lord, 34 Beav. 220.
(d) Coles v. Trecothick, 9 Ves . 244,
per Lord Eldon; Ex parte Lacey, 6
Ves .626, per eundem ; Downes v. Grazebrook, 3 Mer. 209, per eundem ; Plowright v. Lambert, 52 L. T. N. S.
646.
[(e) Mockerjee v . Mockerjee, 2 L.
R. Ind. App . 18.]
Plowright v . Lambert, 52 L. T. N. S. 646.
(f) Morse v. Royal, 12 Ves . 372,
per Lord Erskine.
(g) Downes v. Grazebrook, 3 Mer.
208, per Lord Eldon.
(h) Gibson v. Jeyes, 6 Ves. 277, per
Lord Eldon ; and see Ex parte Lacey,
6 Ves . 626, 627 ; Ex parte Bennett, 10
Ves . 394; Morse v. Royal, 12 Ves.
373; Sanderson v. Walker, 13 Ves .
601 ;
[Re Worssam, 46 L. T. N. S.
584.]
660