*314
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
Investments by the Court.- Previously to these Acts the
Court had, even where an express power existed to lend on
real security, refused to exercise it by sanctioning a loan on
mortgage, on the ground that in ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred the expense of the mortgage more than counterbalanced the increase of income (f) .
But the rule has
since been relaxed (g) .
[*314]
*15. Where no express power, trustees may invest
in Three per Cent. Consols.-In the absence of express
powers created by the settlement and irrespective of powers
conferred by statute, trustees, executors, or administrators
have always been held justified in investing in one of the
Government or Bank Annuities ; for here, as the directors
have no concern with the principal, but merely superintend
the payment of the dividends and interest till such time as
the Government may pay off the capital, it is not in their
power, by mismanagement or speculation, to hazard the
property of the shareholder (a).
It should be observed that
all public annuities are not necessarily Government annuities (b) ; and of the Government or Bank Annuities, the
one which the Court thought proper to adopt was the
Three per
Cent.
Consolidated Bank
Annuities, the fund
which at the time when the rule of the Court was established was considered from its low rate of interest the least
likely to be determined by redemption (c).
If a trustee,
who has money in hand which he ought to render productive, invest it on this security, he has done his duty, and will
not be answerable for any subsequent depreciation (d).
(f) Barry v . Marriott, 2 De G. &
Sm. 491 ; and see Ex parte Franklyn,
1 De G. & Sm. 531 .
729.(g) See Ungless v. Tuff, 9 W. R.
(a) Trafford v. Boehm, 3 Atk. 444,
per Lord Hardwicke.
(b) Sampayo v . Gould, 12 Sim.
435.
(c) See Howe v. Earl of Dartmouth, 7 Ves. 151.
In reference to
the New Three per Cent. Annuities
(formerly Three and a Quarter per
Cent.), it is
to be observed that,
though specially exempted from further reduction until 1874, which the
Three per Cent. Consols were not,
the latter are protected by a legislative provision requiring a year's notice to be given before redemption.
(d) Ex parte Champion,
cited
Franklin v . Frith, 3 B. С. C. 434;
Powell v . Evans, 5 Ves . 841, and
Howe v . Earl of Dartmouth, 7 Ves .
150; Knight v. Earl of Plymouth, 1
Dick. 126 , per Lord Hardwicke ; Peat
v. Crane, cited Hancom v. Allen, 2
Dick. 499, note; Clough v. Bond, 3
436