*280
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.
[CH. XIII.

thread of trust or confidence running between B. and C.,
and therefore C. is regarded as a stranger (a) .
11. Joint purchasers .
One of two joint purchasers of an
estate has been declared a trustee for the other of a proportionate part of the benefit derived by the former from an
incumbrance bought up by him at a less value (b).
12. Tenant for life. - An opinion has also been expressed
by a high authority, that even a tenantfor life stands in such
a confidential relation towards the remainderman that he
cannot as against him hold an incumbrance which he has
bought up for more than he gave for it (c).
13. Trustee may not charge for services.
As regards trustees, in the strict sense of the word, the general rule deprives
them of any right to receive remuneration for their personal
labour and services.

(a) Davis v . Barrett, 14 Beav.
542.
The observations of M. R. are
general, but he probably meant no
more than this.

(b) Carter v . Horne, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab.

(c) Hill v. Browne, Drur. 433.

1 Compensation of trustees .
In most of the United States trustees are
entitled to a reasonable compensation, but not to any collateral profit, as by
an appointment as a receiver, or services as broker, agent, banker, attorney,
or auctioneer, although theymay hire such services, if needed, at the expense
of the estate.

Binsse v. Paige, 1 Keyes, 87 ; Morgan v. Hannas, 49 Ν. Υ.
667; Jenkins v. Fickling, 4 Des . 369 ; Mayer v. Galluchat, 6 Rich. Eq. 2.

If
the trust states the compensation it cannot be increased ; College v. Willingham, 13 Rich. Eq. 195; Biscoe v. State, 23 Ark. 592; likewise if amount has
been agreed on; Jackson v. Jackson, 3 N. J. Eq. 113.

In case of the death of
the cestui que trust, see Parker v . Ames, 121 Mass . 220; of trustee, see Widener
v. Fay, 51 Md. 273; Savage v. Sherman, 24 Hun, 307.

Compensation to an
unfaithful and negligent trustee may be properly refused ; Gordon v . Matthews , 30Md. 235; Hermstead's App. 60 Pa. St. 423 ; McKnight v. Walsh, 24
N. J. Eq. 498; Norris's App. 71 Pa. St. 106 ; Warbass v. Armstrong, 10 N. J.
Eq. 263;
Stearly's App. 38 Pa. St. 525; Lathrop v. Smalley, 23 N. J. Eq.
192; Cook v. Lowry, 95 N. Y. 103 ; Nagle's Est. 12 Phila. 25; Blauvelt v.
Ackerman, 23 N. J. Eq. 495.

Compensation may be received for services
both as executor and as trustee; Laytin v. Davidson, 95 N. Y. 263 ; Phœnix
v. Livingston, 101 N. Y. 451; Pitney v. Everson, 42 N. J. Eq. 361; Hall v.
Campbell, 1 Dema. (N. Y.) 415; unless the compensation is fixed by will;
Brownson v. Roberts, 5 Redf. 576. In New York where the statute of 1863
made special provision where the value of the estate exceeds $100,000 the
income cannot be added to increase the amount; Meeker v . Crawford, 5Redf.
450; Slosson v. Naylor, 2 Dema. 257.

In addition to the commission on the
principal, the trustee is entitled to a yearly commission on the income in
accordance with his accounting ; Hancox v. Meeker, 95 N. Y. 528; Re Meserole, 36 Hun, 298; Frame v. Willets, 4 Dema 368; but see Brush v. Smith, 1
386