*75
[CH. VI.
VOLUNTARY SETTLEMENTS .

ing remains to be done, but in the latter case the substance
of the agreement on one side, viz. the payment of the purchase-money, is still to be performed.

17. Where donee incurs expense in respect of the property.
Though a settlement be voluntary at the time, and
the legal estate do not pass, yet if the donee with the knowledge
and sanction of the donor incur expense in respect of the
property upon the faith of the gift, the donee is no longer
regarded as a volunteer, but, in the character of purchaser,
may call for a conveyance of the legal estate (c) .

18. Voluntary settlement by way of trust not revocable by
settlor .- If a complete voluntary settlement, whether with
or without transmutation of possession, be once executed, it
cannot be revoked by a subsequent voluntary settlement (d),
and the circumstance that the legal estate which was vested
in the trustee becomes afterwards by some accident revested
in the settlor is immaterial, as he will take it as a trustee (e).
But if the voluntary settlement be in trust for the
settlor for life, and then in trust for others, but subject to
such debts as the settlor may leave, the settlor may in effect
nullify the settlement by creating new debts (f) .

19. Fraud.-A voluntary settlement, though complete on
the face of it, may be set aside in equity, where obtained by
undue influence (g), or where it was not intended to take
effect in the events which have actually happened, and was
therefore executed under a mistake (h) .

20. But in case of lands may be defeated by a sale.
A voluntary settlement of land by way of trust, perfectly created,
is liable, under 27 Eliz. cap. 4, like a settlement of the legal
estate, to be defeated by a subsequent sale to a purchaser,
even with notice (i).

And the cestui que trust can neither

545, per M. R.; Murray v. Stair, 2
Barn . & Cr. 82; Nash v . Flyn, 1 Jon .
& Lat. 162 .

(c) Dillwyn v. Llewelyn, 4 De G.
F. & J. 517 .

(d) Newton v. Askew, 11 Beav.
145; Rycroft v. Christy, 3 Beav. 238.

(e) Ellison v. Ellison, 6 Ves . 656 ;
Smith v . Lyne, 2 Y. & C. 345; Paterson v . Murphy, 11 Hare, 88 .

(f) Markwell
v. Markwell, 34
Beav. 12.

(g) Huguenin v. Baseley, 14 Ves.
(h) See Forshaw v. Welsby, 30
Beav . 243; Nanney v. Williams, 22
Beav. 452; Bindley v. Mulloney, 7 L.
R. Eq. 343 .

[(i) In Price v. Jenkins, 5 Ch. Div.
619, it was held that a settlement of
104