*552
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
[CH. XXII.

Their appointment safe and beneficial to all parties interested.
And where the application was with a view to having a large
fund taken out of Court and invested upon mortgage of
lands in Ireland, it was refused (c) .

3. On summons.-The application to the Court should
be by summons, which should be served on the trustees (if
any), and also on the tenant for life, if he is not the applicant, but not on any other person unless the Judge so directs (d) .
The persons appointed by the Court, and the survivors
and survivor of them, while continuing to be trustees or
trustee, and until the appointment of new trustees
[*552] the personal representatives or * representative for
the time being of the last surviving or continuing
trustee, are for the purposes of the Act the trustees or trustee of the settlement (a) .

Solicitor of tenant for life not appointed trustee.-As the
appointment of trustees is required to impose a check upon
the extensive powers conferred upon the tenant for life, and
sect. 44 contemplates the probability of there being differences between the trustees and the tenant for life, the Court
will not appoint any member of the firm of solicitors who act
for the tenant for life (6), and à fortiori will not appoint the
actual tenant for life, or any person who may become tenant
for life, to be a trustee of the settlement (c) .

Infant's share in unconverted realty.-The share of an
infant under the Statute of Distributions in realty which has
been improperly allowed to remain unconverted, is settled
land within the meaning of the Act, so as to enable the
Court, under sect. 38, to appoint trustees to exercise the
powers of the Act; but the order appointing the trustees
will be made without prejudice to any question as to the
interests of the infants (d) .

(c) Burke v .Gore, 13 L. R. Ir. 367 .
(d) Rules of the Supreme Court
under the Settled Land Act, 1882,
R. R. 2, 4 and 6.
(a) Sect. 38, sub-sect. (2) .
(b) Re Kemp's Settled Estates, 24
Ch. D. 485 ; Re J. Walker's Trusts,
48 L. T. N. S. 632 ; 31 W. R. 716.
(c) Re Harrop's Trusts, 24 Ch. D.
717.
(d) Re Wells, 48 L. T. N. S. 859 ;
31 W. R. 764; but see Re Greenville
Estate, 11 L. R. Ir. 138.
748