CH. IX. S. 1.

*146
RESULTING TRUSTS .
where by a marriage settlement the intended wife's father
settled property upon trust for the intended husband for
life, and then for the intended wife for life, and then for
the children of the marriage, but the trusts for the children
were void for remoteness, Kay, J., held that there was a
resulting trust for the settlor (i) .

9.
Transfer of chattels.-It was said in one case that if a
man transfer stock or deliver money to another, it must proceed from an intention to benefit that other person, and
therefore, although he be a stranger, it shall be primâ facie
a gift (j); but if such an intention cannot be inferred consistently with the attendant circumstances, a trust
will result (k).

* And even where there is a gift of [*146]
stock by transfer into the joint names of the settlor
and a stranger, still in this, as in other similar cases, the
settlor retains the beneficial interest for his life (a).

10.
Where a trust is declared of part of the estate, the trust
of the residue results.- If upon a conveyance (b), devise (c),
or bequest (d), a trust be declared of part of the estate, and
nothing is said as to the residue, then, clearly, the creation
of the partial trust is regarded as the sole object in view,
and the equitable interest undisposed of by the settlor will
result to him or his representative.

11.
Partial declaration of trust distinguished from a charge.-
But upon this subject a distinction must be observed between
a partial declaration of trust and a charge (e).

- If upon a conveyance (b), devise (c),
or bequest (d), a trust be declared of part of the estate, and
nothing is said as to the residue, then, clearly, the creation
of the partial trust is regarded as the sole object in view,
and the equitable interest undisposed of by the settlor will
result to him or his representative.

(i) Re Nash's Settlement, 51 L. J. N. S. Ch. 511.
(j) George v. Howard, 7 Price, 651, 653; and see Batstone v. Salter,
19 L. R. Eq. 250 ; 10 L. R. Ch. App. 431.
(k) See Custance v. Cunningham,
13 Beav. 363 ; Fowkes v. Pascoe, 10
L. R. Ch. App. 343 .
(a) Fowkes v. Pascoe, 10 L. R. Ch. App. 343, see 351.
(b) Northen v. Carnegie, 4 Drew. 587; Cottington v. Fletcher, 2 Atk. 155;
Culpepper v. Aston, 2 Ch. Ca. 115; Cook v. Gwavas, cited Roper v.
Radcliffe, 9 Mod. 187; Lloyd v . Spillet, 2 Atk. 150; S. C. Barn. 388, per
Lord Hardwicke.
(c) Sherrard v. Lord Harborough,
Amb. 165; Marquis of Townshend v .
Bishop of Norwich, cited Sanders on
Uses, C. 3, s. 7, div. 3 ; Hobart v.
Countess of Suffolk, 2 Vern. 644;
Nash v. Smith, 17 Ves. 29 ; Wych v.
Packington, cited Roper v. Radcliffe,
9 Mod. 187 ; Davidson v. Foley, 2 B.
C. C. 203 ; Kiricke v. Bransby, 2 Eq.
Ca. Ab. 508 ; Levet v. Needham, 2
Vern. 138 ;
Halliday v. Hudson, 3 Ves. 210; Kellett v . Kellett, 3 Dow,
248; Hall v. Waterhouse, W. N. 1867,
p. 11; &c.
(d) Robinson v. Taylor, 2 B. C. C. 589 ; Mapp v. Elcock, 2 Phill. 793;
affirmed on appeal, 3 H. L. Cas. 492;
Read v. Stedman, 26 Beav.
495; 203

(e) See generally, Sanders on Uses, C. 3, s. 7, div. 3.