*264
[CH. XIII.
LIABILITY OF CO-TRUSTEES .
also in the same, and appointed precedents to be looked over as
well in the Court of Chancery as in other courts, if any could
be found touching the point in question ; whereupon several
precedents were produced before them, some in Court of
Chancery and some in the Court of Wards, where parties
trustees were chargeable only according to their several and
respective receipts, and not one to answer for the other, but
no precedent to the contrary was produced to them.
Whereupon his Lordship, after long and mature deliberation on the
case, and serious advice with all the said Judges, did this day
in open Court declare the resolution of his Lordship
[*264] and the said Judges- That where lands * or leases
were conveyed to two or more upon trust, and one
of them receives all or the most part of the profits, and after
dyeth or decayed in his estate, his co-trustee shall not be
charged or be compelled in the Court of Chancery to answer
for the receipts of him so dying or decayed, unless some practice, fraud, or evil dealing appear to have been in them to
prejudice the trust ; for they being by law joint tenants or
tenants in common, every one by law may receive either all or
as much of the profits as he can come by.
It is no breach of
trust to permit one of the trustees to receive all or the most
part of the profits, it falling out many times that some of the
trustees live far from the lands and are put in trust out of
other respects than to be troubled with the receipt of the
profits.
But his Lordship and the said Judges did resolve,
that if upon the proofs or circumstances the Court should
be satisfied that there had been any dolus malus, or any evil
practice, fraud, or ill intent in him that permitted his companion to receive the whole profits, he should be charged
though he received nothing."
2. Trustee not liable for joining pro forma in receipts.-Cotrustees (a) , (as was determined in Townley v. Sherborne,)
were formerly considered responsible for money if they joined
in signing the receipt for it ; but in later times the rule has
(a) Townley v . Sherborne, Bridg.
35; Spalding v. Shalmer, 1 Vern. 303 ;
Sadler v. Hobbs, 2 B. C. C. 114 ; and
see Bradwell
v.
Catchpole,
cited
Walker v . Symonds, 3 Sw. 78, note
(a) ; but said by Lord Cowper, Fellows v. Mitchell, 2 Vern . 516, to be
contrary to natural justice.
364