Сн. ХІІІ .]
*259
TRUST A JOINT OFFICE.
the Court to insert a special direction that the moneys may
be paid to any two or more of them (c) .
4. All the trustees must prove.-Again, if a debtor to the
trust become bankrupt, all the trustees should join in the
proof (d), but under particular circumstances the Court will
make an order for some of the trustees to prove, but even
then the Court has occasionally inserted a direction that the
dividends shall be payable to all the trustees (e) .
5. Acknowledgment of debt by one trustee.
If a mortgage
be made to two trustees so described and the statutory
period elapse, an interim acknowledgment by one of the
trustees will not prevent the operation of the Statute of
Limitations in bar of redemption (f) .
6. In public trusts the majority of the trustees may bind the
Where there are several trustees, and the trust is of
a public character, the act of the majority is held to be the
act of the whole number (g) ; as where there were seven
trustees and they met for the purpose of electing a schoolmaster, and at the meeting five of the trustees concurred in
the appointment, but two dissented, the act of the majority
was considered to bind the minority (h).
But of course the
act of the majority does not bind the minority, so far as the
act is beyond the proper sphere of the duty of the trustees (i) .
And when a special power is given to trustees, it
cannot be exercised by the majority only, but all must
join (j) .
Now, by 32 & 33 Vict. c. 110, s. 12, it is enacted
that a majority of charity trustees present at a meeting duly
constituted, and voting, shall have and be deemed to have
always had the same power of disposition over the charity
property, as if it were the act of the whole body; and by
(c) Attorney-General v. Brickdale,
8 Beav . 223.
(d) Ex parte Smith, 1 Deac. 391,
per Sir T. Erskine.
(e) Ex parte Smith, 1 Deac. 385.
(f) Richardson v. Younge, 6 L.
R. Ch. App. 478.
(g) Wilkinson v. Malin, 2 Tyr .
544; Perry v . Shipway, 1 Giff. 1; and
see Attorney-General v. Shearman, 2
Beav. 104; Attorney-General v. Cuming, 2 Y. & C. C. C. 139 ; Younger v .
Welham, 3 Sw. 180.
(h) Wilkinson v. Malin, 2 Tyr.
572.
As to the power of a majority
of two-thirds of the trustees to pass
the legal estate, see 23 & 24 Vict. c.
136, s . 16, and post.
(i) Ward v. Hipwell, 3 Giff. 547 .
(j) SeeRe Congregational Church.
Smethwick, W. N. 1866, p. 196.
357