CH. VIII. S. 1.

EXECUTORY TRUSTS .

yet in Bagshaw v. Spencer (f) Lord Hardwicke almost
denied that any such distinction existed.
But in a subsequent case (g) his Lordship felt himself called upon to offer
some explanation.
" He did not mean," he said, " in Bagshaw v. Spencer, that no weight was to be laid on the distinction, but that, if it had come recently before him, he
should then have thought there was little weight in it, although he should have had that deference for his predecessors, as not to lay it out of the case, not intending to say
that all which his predecessors did was wrong founded,
which he desired might be remembered."
The
distinction now
established.
But whatever doubts
may formerly have existed upon the subject, they have long
since been dispelled by the authority of succeeding judges .
" The words executory trust,"
said Lord
Northington,
" seem to me to have no fixed signification.
Lord King describes an executory trust to be, where the party must come
to this Court to have the benefit of the will.
But that is
the case of every trust.
The true criterion is this.
Wherever the assistance of this Court is necessary to complete a
limitation, in that case, the limitation in the will not being
complete, that is sufficient evidence of the testator's intention that the Court should model the limitations ; but
where the trusts and limitations are * already ex- [*112]
pressly declared, the Court has no authority to interfere, and make them different from what they would be at
law" (a).
And Lord Eldon observed, " Where there is an
executory trust, that is, where the testator has directed
something to be done, and has not himself completed the devise, the Court has been in the habit of looking to see what
was his intention; and if what he has done amounts to an
imperfection with respect to the execution of that intention,
the Court inquires what it is itself to do, and it will mould
what remains to be done, so as to carry that intention into
(f) 1 Ves . 152 ; and see Hopkins
v. Hopkins, 1 Atk. 594.
(g) Exel v. Wallace, 2 Ves . 323.
And Lord Henley once said, he believed Lord Hardwicke had at last
renounced
his
opinion, Barnard v.
Proby, 2 Cox, 8.
(a) Austen v . Taylor, 1 Eden, 366,
368; and see Stanley v. Lennard, ib.
95; Wright v. Pearson, ib. 125.
153