*140
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
posed that the testatormeant an income given with reference
to one establishment, to be split into as many different incomes as there are children (h).
But it has been said that if
a daughter marry, and afterwards becomes a widow and has
no support, the right to maintenance may revive (i) .
15. Attaining 21.-Whether a child's right to maintenance
will cease ipsofacto by his or her attaining the age of twentyone years, must depend, of course, upon the particular words
used (j) , but is open generally to some uncertainty (k). It
canhardly be maintained, on the one hand, that when a child
has attained majority, and is fairly launched into the world,
and is making a livelihood, the trust is to continue (l) ; and,
on the other hand, if a child be willing to remain at home,
and no reasonable objection can be made to it, the person
bound by the trust cannot refuse maintenance on the mere
ground that the child has attained twenty-one (m) .
16. Case of tenant for life bound by such a trust with remainder over.-If a person be entitled for life for the maintenance of herself, and the maintenance and educa[*140] tion of the testator's children, and * after her death
the trust is for the children absolutely, a child on
coming of age cannot, even with the concurrence of the
tenant for life, call for a transfer of a proportionate share of
the property, if this diminution of the fund would endanger
the right of the other children to be properly maintained
and educated during the tenancy for life.
The Court in such
a case has adopted the expedient that a part of the child's
share should be paid out on his undertaking to account for
the income of it, and on the footing that the residue of the
share should be retained as a security for the due payment
of the income (a) .
Where there was a clear trust for the
612; Longmore v. Elcum, 2 Y. & C.
C. C. 370 ; Wilson v. Bell, 4 L. R. Ch .
App. 581.
(h) See Thorp v . Owen, 2 Hare,613.
(i) Scott v. Key, 35 Beav. 291 ;
[Wilkins v. Jodrell, 13 Ch. D. 564,
573.]
(j) See the cases reviewed by V.
C. Wood in Gardner v. Barber, 18
Jur. 508.
(k) Longmore v. Elcum, 2 Y. & C.
C. C. 370 ; Thorp v. Owen, 2 Hare,610.
(1) See Thorp v. Owen, 2 Hare,
612; Carr v . Living, 28 Beav. 644.
(m) See Carr v. Living (No. 2), 33Beav. 474 ; Thorp v. Owen, 2 Hare,
613; Scott v. Key, 35 Beav. 291.
(a) Berry v. Briant,2 Dr. & Sm. 1 .
190