[*287]
* CHAPTER XIV .
THE DUTIES OF TRUSTEES OF CHATTELS PERSONAL.

We next advance to the duties of trustees, and as trusts
of chattels personal are of the most frequent occurrence,
we shall first advert to trustees of property of this description.
We may consider this branch of our subject under six
heads :-1. The reduction of the chattel into the possession
of the trustee.
2. The safe custody of it.
3. The rules of
the Court as to conversion.
4. The proper investment of
the trust fund.
5. The liability of trustees to payment
of interest in cases of improper detainer ; and, 6. The distribution of the trust fund.

SECTION I.
OF REDUCTION INTO POSSESSION .

1. Of reduction into possession.-The first duty of trustees
is to place the trust property in a state of security.
Thus if
the trust fund be an equitable interest of which the legal
estate cannot at present be transferred to them, it is their
duty to lose no time in giving notice of their own interest
to the persons in whom the legal estate is vested ; for otherwise he who created the trust might incumber the interest
he has settled in favour of a purchaser without notice, who
by first giving notice to the legal holder might gain a priority (a).

(a) See Jacob v. Lucas, 1 Beav. 436.

1 Trustee taking possession.
The trustee upon his appointment, acceptance
and qualification should proceed to take possession of the trust property.
If
there are notes, bonds, and other choses in action, the parties in any way
interested in them should be notified ; Judson v. Corcoran, 17 How. 614 ;
Foster v. Mix, 20 Conn. 395; Barney v. Douglass, 19 Vt. 98 ; Stewart v.
Kirkland, 19 Ala. 162 ; Murdoch v. Finney, 21 Mo. 138; Ward v. Morrison,
25 Vt. 593 ; Bank v. Balliet, 8 Watts & S. 311; Fisher v. Knox, 13 Pa. St.
622 ; but in some states an assignment of a chose in action is complete when
the transfer is made, and before notice ; Conway v. Cutting, 51 N. H. 408;
Garland v. [GRID_DATA_REDACTED]