CH. XVIII. S. 1.
*443

TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
assignees
should continue
in
office (a) .
And
trustees,
where they retain the title deeds, are equally required to
give attested copies, and [either to] covenant for production
during the period of their own custody, giving at the same
time all such right at law or in equity as they lawfully can
to call for the production as against the holder for the time
being (b) ,
[or else to give a statutory acknowledgment
under the recent Act.]
It is not easy to suggest a case
where upon a sale by trustees the purchaser would not be
entitled in equity (which would be sufficient) to call for the
production of the deeds, but should there occur a case where
the purchaser would not have such a right either at law or
in equity, he could not be compelled to complete, but might
claim to be discharged from his contract and be paid his
costs, which would fall upon the trust estate or the trustees
personally, according to the propriety or impropriety of their
conduct in proceeding to a sale without guarding themselves
by an express condition.
[56. Statutory acknowledgment.
Under the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881 (c), sect. 9, the practice
has been introduced of giving an acknowledgment in writing
(a) Ex parte Stuart, 2 Rose, 215 .
(b) See Onslow v. Lord Londesborough, 10 Hare, 74, Sugd. Vend. &
Pur. 54, 13th edit .
The following form would, it is conceived, be a proper covenant :
" The
said A. B. , C. D., and E. F. , but so as
not to render themselves, or any of
them, or any of their heirs, executors,
or administrators , liable under the
present covenant, except so long as
they or he respectively shall remain
trustees or trustee, and shall as such
hold or be entitled to the custody of
the deeds and writings hereinafter
mentioned, but so nevertheless as to
bind so far as can lawfully be done,
the holders for the time being of the
said deeds and writings, do hereby
covenantwith the said G. H. that they
the said A. B. , C. D. , and E. F. , their
heirs,
executors,
and
administrators,
shall and will at all times ," &c .
Mr. De Morgan has been kind
enough to furnish me with the following form, settled by Lord Eldon's
ownhand, in a case where Lord Eldon
and another were devisees
in trust
under a will: " Each of them the said
John Earl of Eldon and E. S. Thurlow, as such devisees in trust as aforesaid, and for such period only as they
or either of them, their or either of
their heirs , executors, administrators,
or assigns, shall have the custody or
lawful power over such deeds, evidences and writings, doth hereby for
himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, covenant, promise, and
agree with and to the said J. P. , his
heirs, appointees, and assigns, so and
in such manner as to bind, so far as
is practicable, all and every person
and persons in whose
custody the
same deeds, evidences, and writings
now are, or at any time hereafter
shall be, that," &c .
[(c) 44 and 45 Vict. c. 41.]
603