*548
STATUTORY PROVISIONS AS TO CHARITIES.
[CH. XXI.

hold, acquire, convey, assign, and demise any present or
future property of the charity as the trustees might have
done before the incorporation.
But the Act is not to
extend, modify, or control the Act of 9th Geo. II. c. 36.
By section 2, the certificate of incorporation is to vest in
the body corporate all the real and personal estate belonging
to the charity, or held in trust for it ; and persons in whose
names any stocks, funds, or securities are standing in trust
for the charity, are to transfer the same into the name of the
body corporate ; but, if such property be copyhold, liable to
the payment of a fine or heriot on the death or alienation
of the tenant, the lord of the manor shall receive a corresponding fine or heriot on the granting of the certificate,
and a like fine or heriot at the expiration of every subsequent period of forty years .
But the certificate is not to
vest in the body corporate any stocks, funds, or securities
held by the official trustees of charitable funds, which are
not to be transferable except under an order of the Commissioners, and by ordinary transfer or assignment .
By the 4th section, the Commissioners are to see that
proper trustees have been appointed before they grant the
certificate, and after the grant the trusteeship is to be duly
kept up, and a return of the names of the trustees is to be
made at the expiration of every five years .
By the 5th section, the trustees of the charity, notwithstanding their incorporation, shall continue chargeable for
such property as shall come to their hands, and be answerable for their own acts, receipts, neglects, and defaults, and
for the due administration of the charity.
By the 10th section, donations and dispositions in favour
of the charity by deed, will, or otherwise, shall take effect as
if the same had been made to the charity by its corporate
name .
By the 11th section, contracts by the trustees of a charity
which would have been valid and binding if no incorporation
had taken place, shall be valid and binding though not made
under the seal of the body corporate.

65. Exempted charities.-It should be noticed that the
Universities and the
Colleges
thereof, and various other