*9

INTRODUCTION .
took the likeness of the use, conforming itself to the nature
of special trusts and trusts of chattels, which had never been
disturbed by any legislative enactment.
Trusts at first modeled after the pattern of uses. -To show
how, the principles of uses prevailed after the statute of Hen .
8. it was held in the reign of Elizabeth (a), that the equitable
term of afeme covert did not vest in the husband by survivorship, for a trust, it was said, was a thing in privity, and in
the nature of an action, and there was no remedy for it but
by writ of subpœna.
And a few years after in the same reign
it was resolved by all the Judges, that a trust was a matter
of privity, and in the nature of a chose in action, and therefore was not assignable (b).
And in the sixth year of King
Charles the First it was decidedby the Judges, that as a feme
was dowable by act or rule of law, and a court of equity
had no jurisdiction where there was not fraud or covin, the
widow of a trustee was not bound by the trust, but was entitled beneficially to her dower out of the trust estate (c) .
Improvements introduced by Lord Nottingham.-But during
the reign of Charles the First and Charles the Second, and
particularly during the Chancellorship of Lord Nottingham,
who, from the sound and comprehensive principles upon
which he administered trusts, has been styled the father of
equity (d), the Courts gradually threw off the fetters of uses
and, disregarding the operation of mere technical rules,proceeded to establish trusts upon the broad foundation of conformity to the course of common law.
" In my opinion,"
said Lord Mansfield, " trusts were not on a true foundation
till Lord Nottingham held the great seal; but by steadily
pursuing from plain principles trusts in all their consequences, and by some assistance from the legislature, a
[*9]
noble, rational, and * uniform system of law has since
been raised ; so that trusts are now made to answer
the exigencies of families and all purposes, without produc(a) Witham's Case, 4 Inst. 87 ;
S. C. Popham, 106, sub nomine Johnson's Case.
(b) SirMoyle Finch's Case,4 Inst.
(c) Nash v. Preston, Cro. Car. 190.
(d) Philips v. Brydges, 3 Ves. 127 ;
Kemp v. Kemp, 5 Ves. 858.