CH . XII. S. 2. ]
TRUSTEE LIABLE TO COPYHOLD FINES.
*237
fines on their admission.]
If a copyhold be devised to trustees for five hundred years on certain trusts, with remainder
to A. B. in fee, and the lord admits A. B. not as remainderman, but as a present tenant and upon payment of a full
fine, the lord has a perfect tenant, and cannot compel the
termors to be admitted (c) .
The Court in this case adverted
to several points of practical importance, which are worth
noticing.
Thus : 1. It is commonly said that an admission
is void, except so far as it follows the uses of the surrender
or will; but the Court held that the excess of the admission
is void only as against the parties interested, and that the
lord may be estopped by his own act.
2. Where the termors
have been admitted, the lord may require the admission of
the executor of the last survivor, for the lord is entitled to a
tenant or to possession.
3. The admission of the tenant for
life or for years is a constructive admission of the remainderman, but such an admission does not disentitle the lord to
call for a subsequent admission of the remainderman, where
the custom of the manor gives the lord a fine in respect of
the remainder.
4. The lord is not bound to admit a remainderman, but if he do admit him as such remainderman although this admission may be a constructive admission of the
particular estate, the lord may afterwards require the tenant
for life or years to be admitted for the purposes of a new fine .
Principle on which the fine is assessed. - Where a number
of trustees are admitted as the joint owners of the trust estate, the fine is to be assessed upon the following principle ;
for the first life is to be allowed the fine usually paid on the
admission of a single tenant, for the second life one-half the
sum taken for the first, and for the third one-half the sum
taken for the second, &c.; the result of which will be, that,
however great the number of the trustees admitted, the
amount of the whole fine will never be double of that
paid upon the first life (d) .
And on every * change [*237]
of trustees the same fine is demandable, even where
some of the surrenderees are the survivors of the old trus(c) Everingham v. Ivatt, 7 L. R.
Q. B. 683 ; affirmed 8 L. R. Q. B.
388.
(d) Wilson v. Hoare, 2 B. & Ad.
350 , see 360; 10 Ad. & Ell . 236, and
1 Scriven, Copyh. 164, 165, 6th edit.
325