*355
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.

[CH. XIV. S. 6 .
sum to which the infant is entitled.
[But under the corresponding Irish Act, 14 & 15 Car. 2, с. 19 (Ir.) it has been
held that the receipt of the testamentary guardian for a legacy of the infant is a good discharge (a) ; and in a recent
case in England, Fry, J., while refusing payment to the testamentary guardian of a legacy which had been paid into
Court under the Legacy Duty Act (b), on the special ground
that the testamentary guardian was not a " person entitled "
within the meaning of that Act, intimated that he had no
intention of interfering with the decision in the Irish case (c) ;
and] where an infant cestui que trust represented himself to be
of age, and induced the trustee to pay him, it was held that
as the infant was old enough to commit a fraud, the trustee
was not liable to him over again when he came of age (d) .
35. Lunatic.
The mere appointment by the Court of the
committee of the estate of a lunatic, would not justify a trustee
in paying trust-money, to which the lunatic is entitled, to the
committee of his estate, in the absence of any special power
to receive conferred upon him by the Court.
36. Payment to a partner. - Where a debt is owing to a
firm jointly the amount may be paid to the surviving partners without the concurrence of the representatives of the
deceased partners (e) .
37. Payment to a single trustee.- The Court will not, in
the exercise of its discretion, except under special circumstances (f) , pay out money to a single trustee who has survived his co-trustees (g) ; and a trustee out of Court would
do well to throw all the protection he can about a trust
fund : but it must not be inferred that he would not be safe
[(a) M'Creight v. M'Creight, 13
Ir. Eq. R. 314.]
[(b) 36 Geo. 3, c. 52, s. 32.]
[(c) Re Cresswell, 45 L. T. N. S.
468; 30 W. R. 244.]
(d) Overton v. Banister, 3 Hare,
503; and see Wright v. Snowe, 3 De
G. & Sm. 321 ; Nelson v. Stocker, 4
De G. & J. 458.
(e) Philips v. Philips, 3 Hare, 289.
(f) Re Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865, W. N. 1867,
p. 148.
In Clark v. Fenwick or Fennick , W. N. 1873, p. 38, 21 W. R. 320,
the Court ordered a sum of cash, the
accumulation of income, to be paid
to three out of four trustees, the
fourth trustee being abroad.
(g) Re Dickinson's Trust, 1 Jur.
N. S. 724; Re Roberts, 9 W. R. 758 ;
and see Baillie v. McKewan, 35Beav .
183; Re Dickson's Estate, 3 I. R. Eq.
344; and note to s. 32 of Trustee Act,
1850, post, Appendix No. 2.
490