*190
[Сн. Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
happen that the first vested estate of inheritance is in B.,
and that A. and B. collude together in cutting the timber,
and then a court of equity equally interferes and makes A.
and B. accountable as constructive trustees of the proceeds
for the benefit of the other persons interested in the estate,
including tenants for life (a) .
Where there is collusion
between the tenant for life and the owner of the first estate
of inheritance, or where the tenant for life is also owner of
the first estate of inheritance, and the timber is improperly
cut, the remedy of the next tenant for life in remainder, is
said to be barred by the statute after six years from the
death of the prior tenant for life (6) .
Mines. -36 & 37 Vict. c. 66, s. 25.
These principles which have been laid down as * to timber apply
also mutatis mutandis to waste in opening mines (a) .
subject of timber generally, see the
work of the late Mr. Craig, Q. C.
(a) Garth v . Cotton, 3 Atk. 751.
(b) Birch-Wolfe v. Birch, 9 L. R.
Eq. 683.
Where the timber is properly cut, either by order of the Court
or by a wise exercise of the discretion
of the
trustees, the
proceeds
are
treated as part of the settlement, and
are invested for the benefit of all persons interested, whether tenants for
life or otherwise, and whether impeachable for waste or not, according
to their respective estates. Waldo v.
Waldo , 12 Sim. 107 ; Wickham v.
Wickham,19 Ves. 419; Gent v . Harrison, Johns. 517; Mildmay v. Mildmay, 4 B. C. C. 76 ; Delapole v. Delapole, 17Ves . 150 ; Tooker v. Annesley,
5 Sim. 235 ; Consett v. Bell, 1 Y. &
С. С. С. 569 ; Honywood v. Honywood, 18 L. R. Eq. 306. And if there
be a tenant for life unimpeachable of
waste, whose estate comes into possession, as he might have cut the
timber, he is held to be entitled absolutely to the fund; Waldo v. Waldo,
12 Sim. 107; Phillips v. Barlow, 14
Sim. 262; Gent v . Harrison, Johns .
517;
[Lowndes v. Norton, 6 Ch . D.
139.
And an equitable tenant for
life unimpeachable for waste is entitled to the proceeds of ornamental
timber cut by him where the timber
so cut is such as the Court would itself direct to be cut for the preservation and improvement of the remaining ornamental timber; but it does
not follow that the Court will not at
the instance of
the
remainderman
grant an injunction restraining the
tenant for life from cutting any ornamental timber which it has become
necessary to cut, and direct that the
cutting be done under its supervision; Baker v. Sebright, 13 Ch. D.
179.]
Windfalls belong to the owner
of the first estate of inheritance, except such trees as the tenant for life
would have been entitled to cut as
thinnings, etc., and these belong to
the tenant for life, Bateman v. Hotchkin (No. 2), 31 Beav. 486; [and see
Re Ainslie, 28 Ch. D. 89 ; Re Harrison, 54 L. J. N. S. Ch. 26, where
the proceeds of larch plantations
which had been blown down were
applied in renewing the plantations
and the balance was invested and the
income directed to be paid to the tenant for life ; varied on appeal, 28 Ch .
D. 220.]
(a) See Bagot v. Bagot, 32 Beav.
509.