*114
[CH. VIII . S. 1 .
EXECUTORY TRUSTS .
then, provided the execution of it was after the marriage, it
will be rectified by the articles (e) ; but if the execution of it
was prior to the marriage, the Court will presume the parties to have entered into a different agreement (f), unless
the agreement expressly state itself to be made in pursuance of the articles, when that presumption will
[*114] be * rebutted, and the settlement will be rectified
(a), or unless it can be otherwise shown that the settlement was intended to be in conformity with the articles,
and there is clear and satisfactory evidence that the discrepancy has arisen from mistake (b) .
Limitation of the husband's property to the heirs of the body
of the wife.-Under the law as it stood prior to the Fines
and Recoveries Act (c), a strict settlement was not decreed,
where the property of the husband was limited to the heirs
of the body of the wife ; for this created an entail which
neither husband nor wife could bar without the concurrence
of the other, and the intent might have been, that the husband and the wife jointly should have the power of destroying the entail (d) ; but it is conceived, that as to articles
executed subsequently to the Act referred to, the case would
be otherwise (e).
Where the settlement also contains a limitation to the parent
for life, with remainder to first and other sons in tail.-Nor will
the Court read heirs of the body as first and other sons,
where such a construction is negatived by anything in the
articles themselves : as if one part of an estate be limited to
(e) Streatfield v. Streatfield, Cas.
t. Talb . 176 ; Warrick v. Warrick, 3
Atk. 293, per Lord Hardwicke ; Legg
v. Goldwire , Cas. t. Talb. 20, per Lord
Talbot; Burton v. Hastings, Gilb. Eq.
Rep. 113 ; S. C. 1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 393,
overruled.
(f) Legg v . Goldwire, Cas. t. Talb, 20; and see Warrick v. Warrick,
3Atk. 291.
(a) Honor v. Honor, 1 P. W. 123 ;
Roberts v. Kingsley, 1 Ves. 238 ; West
v. Errissey, 2 P. W. 349 ; but not it
seems against a purchaser, Warrick
v.Warrick, 2 Atk. 291.
(b) Bold v. Hutchinson, 5 De G.
M. & G. 565.
(c) See 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 74, ss. 16, 17.
(d) Howel v. Howel, 2 Ves. 358 ;
Whateley v. Kemp, cited ib.; Honor
v. Honor, 1 P. W.123; Green v. Ekins,
2 Atk. 477, per Lord Hardwicke;
Highway v . Banner, 1 B. С. С. 587,
per Sir L. Kenyon ; Sackville-West v.
Viscount Holmesdale, 4 L. R. H. L.
555, per Lord Hatherley.
(e) Rochfort v.
Fitzmaurice, 2
Drur. & War. 19.