*333
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT .
ing the trust settlement to confer the power of executing the
trusts and giving receipts on the survivors or survivor, his
executors or administrators, their or his assigns, does not
seem open to much objection, and has received the sanction
of general usage. Any declaration of trust of the mortgage
that may be requisite is executed by a separate deed.
The
trustees should, however, also execute the mortgage deed, as
doubts have been entertained (though it is conceived without reason (c)) whether, if they omit to execute, the declaration will bind them. By this method, should the mortgage
be called in or transferred before any change of trustees
occurs, no inconvenience arises (d) .
Upon a change of trustees, however, the difficulty of framing a transfer of the mortgage to the new trustees so as not to disclose the trust is very
great.
Some conveyancers, indeed, treat the difficulty as
insurmountable, and disclose the trust ; others recite in the
transfer an actual payment of the mortgage money by the
new trustees to the old, a practice open to the objection that
it involves a recital absolutely contrary to fact (e) .
[*333] Another and middle course frequently * adopted, is
as follows : A. and B. being appointed new trustees
in the room of C. and D., the recitals omit to notice the ap
strument, makes the receipt of the
survivors or survivor, or of the personal representatives of the last survivor, a complete discharge in all
cases where , in a mortgage or transfer made since the 31st December,
1881, the money advanced or owing
is expressed to be advanced by or
owing to more persons than one out
of money or as money belonging to
them on a joint account, or the mortgage or transfer is made to more
persons than one jointly and not in
shares.]
(c) How can a person claim at the
same time under and against a deed ?
If he claim under the mortgage at
all, he must admit the declaration
that the money was a joint advance.
Besides the presumption (unless and
until the contrary is proved) would
be, that the solicitor who prepared
the deed had sufficient authority to
insert the clause.
[(d) Re Harmon and Uxbridge,
&c. Railway Company, 24 Ch. D.
720, 726.]
(e) In a note to Jarman's Bythewood, vol. 6, p. 381, it is stated that
" some gentlemen introduce a declaration that the mortgagees are trustees, and have no beneficial interest,
conceiving, and, it is apprehended,
rightly, that this affirmation, which
refers to no specific trust, would not
render it incumbent on any person
paying the mortgage to inquire into
the nature of the trust."
This proposition, it is conceived, cannot safely
be acted upon.
See on the doctrine
of notice, Jones v . Smith, 1 Hare,
43; 1 Ph. 244 ; Bridgman v. Gill, 24
Beav . 306 ;
Jones v. Williams, 24
Beav. 47.
460