CH. IX . S. 2.

*165

Purchases in Names of Strangers.
*165
contract for a purchase in favour of them and their heirs,
and one of them dies, the Court, if they paid equal proportions, will specifically perform the agreement, by ordering a
conveyance, not to the heir of the deceased person and the
survivor as tenants in common, but to the survivor alone (d) .
But even where equal contributors take a conveyance in
joint-tenancy, collateral circumstances may induce a Court
of Equity to construe it a tenancy in common (e) .

Mortgage.
Thus where two tenants in common, of a
mortgage term, purchased the equity of redemption to them
and their heirs, it was held that the nature of the inheritance
should follow that of the term (f) ; for if two persons join
in lending money upon mortgage, equity says it could not
have been the intention that the interest in that should survive, but though they took a joint security, each meant to
lend his own, and take back his own (g).

Trading.-And in all cases of *a joint undertaking [*165]
or partnership, by way of trade, or upon the hazard
of profit and loss, the jus accrescendi is excluded, and the
survivors are trustees, in due proportions, for the representatives of those who are dead (a) .

Subsequent improvement by one.-And where the purchasers pay equally, and take a joint estate, and one afterwards
improves the property at his own cost, he has a lien upon the
land pro tanto for the money he has expended (b) .

Unequal contribution. - Should the contribution of the
33; Aveling v. Knipe, 19 Ves. 444,
per Sir W. Grant; Lake v. Gibson, 1
Eq. Ca. Ab. 291, per Sir Jos . Jekyll;
Anon. Carth. 15; Bone v . Pollard, 24
Beav. 288 ; and see Thicknesse v.
Vernon, 2 Freem. 84.

(d) Aveling v. Knipe, 19 Ves. 441.

(e) Robinson v. Preston, 4 K. & J.

(f) Edwards v. Fashion, Pr. Ch .
332; and see Aveling v. Knipe, 19
Ves. 444.

(g) Morley v. Bird, 3 Ves. 631, per
LordAlvanley; Rigden v. Vallier, 3
Atk. 734, per Lord Hardwicke ; Anon.
case Carth. 16; Partridge v. Pawlet,
1 Atk. 467 ; Petty v. Styward, 1 Ch.
Rep. 57 ; Vickers v. Cowell, 1 Beav.
529; and see Robinson v. Preston, 4
K. & J. 511.

(a) Lake v. Gibson, Eq. Ca. Ab.
290; S. C. (by name of Lake v . Craddock) affirmed 3 P. W. 158 ; Jeffereys
v. Small, 1 Vern. 217 ; Elliot v. Brown,
cited Jackson v. Jackson, 9 Ves . 597;
Lyster v. Dolland, 1 Ves. jun. 434,
435, per Lord Thurlow; and see York
v. Eaton, 2 Freem. 23; Bone v. Pollard, 24Beav. 288.

(b) Lake v. Gibson, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab.
291, per Sir J. Jekyll.