CH. XII. S. 2.

*234
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
assigns, and they may therefore sell in any case where there
was a trust for sale or power of sale in the heirs and assigns
of the last surviving trustee.]
22. An estate contracted to be sold will be included in a
general devise.
A vendor, after the contract for sale, but
before the completion of it, is a trustee for the purchaser
sub modo only, and the estate will pass by a general devise
in his will, where it would not have been included had the
testator been a mere and express trustee (b) .
[Personal representative can convey.-But by the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, s. 4, it is enacted
that where at the death of any person there is subsisting
a contract enforceable against his heir or devisee for the sale
of the fee simple or other freehold interest descendible to
his heirs general in any land, his personal representatives
shall, by virtue of the Act, have power to convey the land
for all the estate and interest vested in him at his death in
any manner proper for giving effect to the contract.
But a
conveyance made under this section is not to affect the beneficial rights of any person claiming under any testamentary
disposition or as heir or next of kin of a testator or intestate, and the section applies only in cases of death after the
31st December, 1881" (c) .]
* 23.
Trustee has the privileges and
burdens of [*234]
the legal estate.-As the dry legal estate in the
hands of the trustee is [subject to the statutory modifications
above referred to] affected by the operation of law, and may
be disposed of by the act of the trustee, precisely in the same
manner as if it were vested in him beneficially, so it confers
upon him all the legal privileges, and subjects him to all the
legal burdens, that are incident to the usufructuary possession (a) .
Trustee must bring actions, &c. - Thus the trustee can
bring any action respecting the trust estate in a court of
law, the cestui que trust, though the absolute owner in
(b) Wall v . Bright, 1 J. & W. 494;
but see now Lysaght v. Edwards, 2
Ch. D. 499 .
[(c) Cf. Sect. 30 of the same Act
44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.]
(a) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,251,
per Lord Northington.
321