*540

[Сн . ХХІ.
TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES .

"I do not doubt," observed Sir J. Wigram, " the existence
of this power in Court : the trustees have the power to sell
at law, they can convey the legal estate, but it is only a
Court of equity that can recall the property, and if that
Court should sanction a sale it would be bound to protect
the purchaser " (a) .
The true principle was, that an absolute disposition was then only to be considered a breach of
trust when the proceeding was inconsistent with a provident administration of the estate for the benefit of the charity (b) .
And the transaction was strongly assumed to be
improvident as against a purchaser until he had established
the contrary (c) .

38. Recent charity Acts.-Now under the provisions of the
recent Acts the Commissioners of Charities are empowered
on application made to them to authorise the sale or exchange
of any part of the charity property (d), and the trustees are
restricted from any sale, mortgage or charge, without the consent of the Commissioners (e) .
Sales to railway companies.-But this does not interfere
with the powers of trustees of charities to sell under railway
and other public Acts, where the legislature has made proper
provision for the due application of the purchase-monies (f) .

39. Power of trustees to pass the legal estate.
By another
Act, " a majority of two-thirds of the trustees of any charity
(a) Attorney-General v. Mayor of
Newark, 1 Hare, 400; and see Re
Ashton Charity, 21 Beav. 288 ; Anon.
case, cited Attorney-General v. Warren, 2 Sw. 300, 302.
(b) See Attorney-General v. Warren, 2 Swans . 302; S. C. Wils . 411 ;
Attorney-General v . Hungerford, 8Bl .
437; S. C. 2 Cl. & Fin. 357; Attorney-General
v. Kerr, 2 Beav. 428 ;
Attorney-General v. South Sea Company, 4 Beav. 543 ; Attorney-General
v. Newark,
1 Hare, 395;
Parke's
Charity, 12 Sim . 329 ; Re Suir Island
Female Charity School, 3 Jon. & Lat.
171.
(c) Attorney-General v. Brettingham, 3 Beav. 91.

(d) 16 & 17 Vict. c. 137, s. 24; 18
& 19 Vict. c. 124, s. 32; see 23 & 24
Vict. c. 136, s. 16.
The 16 & 17 Vict.
c. 137, s. 21, authorises improvements
with the sanction of the Charity Commissioners ; and the 23 & 24 Vict. c.
136, s. 15, authorises the application
of charity monies to " any other purpose or object" which the Commissioners may think
beneficial, and
which
is not inconsistent with the
foundation.

(e) 18 & 19 Vict. c. 124, s. 29.
[The power of the Commissioners to
authorise a sale of land falling under
the provisions of the Allotments Extension Act, 1882 (45 & 46 Vict . c. 80) ,
is not affected by that Act, Parish of
Sutton to Church, 26 Ch. D. 173.]

(f) See the language of 18 & 19
Vict. c. 124, s. 29.

734