INTRODUCTION .
*12
never make good her title to dower (b) ; "not," said Lord
Mansfield, " on reason or principle, but because wrong determinations had misled in too many instances to be then set
right " (c) ; or rather, as Lord Redesdale thought, because
the admission of dower would have occasioned great inconvenience to purchasers- a mischief that in the case of curtesy
was not to be equally apprehended (d).
Lord Mansfield's doctrines. — Principles governing trusts at the
present day.- Lord Mansfield was for carrying the analogy
of trusts to legal estates beyond the legitimate boundary.
"A use or trust," he said, " was heretofore understood to be
merely as an agreement, by which the trustee and all claiming from him in privity were personally liable to the cestui
que use, and all claiming under him in like privity; nobody
in the post was entitled under or bound by the agreement :
but now the trust in this Court is the same as the land, and
the trustee is considered merely as an instrument of conveyance" (e) .
And in the application of this principle his Lordship argued, that the estate of the cestui que trust was subject
to escheat, and that on failure of heirs of the trustee, the lord
who took by escheat was bound by the trust.
But to these
propositions the Courts of Equity have neveryet assented (f) .
The limit to which the analogy of trusts to legal estates
ought properly to be allowed was well enunciated by Lord
Northington in the case of Burgess v. Wheate.
" It is true,"
he said, " this Court has considered trusts as between the
trustee, cestui que trust, and those claiming under them, as
imitating the possession ; but it would be a bold stride, and,
in my opinion, a dangerous conclusion, to say therefore this
Court has considered the creation and instrument of trust as
a mere nullity, and the estate in all respects the same as if
it still continued in the seisin of the creator of the
trust, or the person entitled * to it : for my own part
[*12]
Iknow no instance where this Court has permitted the
creation of a trust to affect the right of a third person " (a) ;
(b) Colt v . Colt, 1 Ch. Re. 254.
[(f) But see now 47 & 48 V. c.
(c) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Ed. 224.
71, s. 4.]
(d) See infra.
(a) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Ed. 250,
251.
11