*528
[Сн. ХХІ.
TRUSTEES OF
CHARITIES .
2. Charities by charter.-Before entering upon the duties
of trustees for charities, it may be proper to introduce a few
limitation to "needy relatives" creates a charitable bequest ; Beardsley v.
Selectmen, 53 Conn. 489 ; 55 Am. Rep. 152 ; Quinn v. Shields, 62 Ia. 129; 49
Ατο. Rep. 141 ; Sowers v. Cyreniuse, 39 Ohio St. 29; 48 Am. Rep. 418 ; De
Campo r. Dobbins, 29 N. J. Eq. 36 ; Webster v. Morris, 66 Wis . 366 ; Suter v.
Hilliard, 132 Mass. 412; 42 Am . Rep. 444. A gift to erect a house of worship may constitute a public charity if there is no definite body for whose use
the gift was intended.
If definite in its limitations it cannot be a public
charity.
Old South Soc . v. Crocker, 119 Mass. 1 ; 20 Am . Rep. 298 ; Saltonstall v. Sanders, 11 Allen, 446; Atty. Gen. v. Federal St. Meeting House, 3
Gray, 1 ; Cong. Soc. v. Waring, 24 Pick. 304. A corporation, the object of
which is to provide for the sick without compensation, is a public charity;
McDonald v . Mass . Gen. Hospital, 120 Mass. 432; 21 Am. Rep. 529 ; Gooch
v. Association for Relief Aged Females, 109 Mass . 558; Sanderson v. White,
18 Pick. 328; County of Hennepin v. Brotherhood of Gethsemane, 27 Minn .
460.
So is a gift for use of Sabbath-schools for the diffusion of Christian
principles as taught and practised by Evangelical denominations ; Morville v.
Fowle, 144 Mass . 109 ; or for aid of such indigent, needy and meritorious
widows and orphans as need temporary help; Camp v. Crocker, 54 Conn . 21 .
Likewise a bequest of money to be " expended in the education of the
scholars of poor people; Clement v. Hyde, 50 Vt. 716; " for purchase and
distribution of such religious books or reading as they shall deem best ; Simpson v. Welcome, 72 Me. 496 ; Drew v. Wakefield,54 Me. 291 ; Going v. Emery,
16 Pick. 107 ; Bartlet v . King, 12 Mass. 537.
A masonic lodge is not a
public charity or benevolent institution; Bangor v. Masonic Lodge, 73 Me.
428; 40 Am. Rep. 369 ; Bolton v. Bolton, 73 Me. 299 ; but see Indianapolis v .
Grand Master, 25 Ind. 518; King v. Parker, 9 Cush. 71 ; Duke v. Fuller, 9
N. H. 536 ; Mayor of Savannah v . Solomon's Lodge, 53 Ga. 93.
Such a
lodge may receive in trust for charitable purposes ; Everett v. Carr, 59 Me.
326.
Neither is an Odd Fellows' lodge a charitable institution; Babb v.
Reed, 5 Rawle, 157.
For case of an institution of science, see Delaware Co.
Inst. v. Delaware Co. 94 Pa. St. 163.
Gift to church to suppress manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquor is valid; Haines v. Allen, 78 Ind. 100;
41 Am. Rep. 555.
A gift " for benevolent purposes " is not a public charity;
Chamberlain v . Stearns, 111 Mass . 267 ; unless used in connection with charity,
when the two words may be regarded as synonymous ; Saltonstall v. Sanders,
11 Allen, 446; Rotch v. Emerson, 105 Mass . 431. A public library may be a
public charity; Donohugh v. Library Co. 5 Norris , 306 ; Miller v . Porter, 53
Pa. St. 292 ; City of Philadelphia v. Girard's Heirs, 9 Wright, 9 ; a parochial
school not carried on for profit but to which parents are to make contributions as able is a charity ; Gerke v . Purcell, 25 Ohio St. 229.
For the aid
and support of those of my children who may be destitute, not a public
charity; Kent v. Dunham, 142 Mass. 216; Brattle Sq. Church r. Grant, 3
Gray, 142 ; Thorndike v. Loring, 15 Gray, 391 ; Sears v. Russell, 8 Gray, 86 .
Uncertainty .- Our laws are more strict than the English as to the certainty and definiteness with which the cestuis que trust are named. A bequest
to trustee " for any and all benevolent purposes that he may see fit," is void
for uncertainty ; Adye v. Smith, 44 Conn. 60; 26 Am. Rep. 424; but see
Beardsley v . Selectmen of Bridgeport, 53 Conn. 489; so is gift to " next of
kin who may be needy ; " Fontaine's Admr. v. Thompson's Admr. 80 Va. 229 ;
716