*79

[CH. VI.
VOLUNTARY SETTLEMENTS .
22. Valid deeds.- If the settlor was solvent at the time (j), or was indebted only in the ordinary course as for current
expenses which he had the means of paying (k), or not substantially indebted (l), or in a sum of considerable amount but adequately secured by mortgage (m), or which the settlor's other property was amply sufficient to meet (n), and
the settlement was bonâfide, the deed cannot be impeached.
The indebtedness of the party at the time is only one circumstance of evidence upon the question of fraud, and under
all the circumstances the Court may see that no fraud was
intended or can be presumed (o). On the other hand though
the settlor was perfectly solvent at the time, yet if he executed the settlement with a view of withdrawing the bulk of
his property from the reach of his creditors in the event
of insolvency, which is in his contemplation, as when a
person about to embark in a hazardous business
[*79]
* makes a settlement on his wife and family to
guard against the consequences, the settlement is
void (a).
23. What creditors can set aside the deed. - If it can be
proved that the settlor contemplated, in fact, a fraud upon
subsequent creditors, the deed can no doubt be set aside at
their instance, though the settlor was not indebted at the
date of the deed, or the debts which did exist have since
been paid (b).
But where fraud is merely presumed from
man v. Corbett, 1 J. & H. 410; Hollamby v. Oldrieve, W. N. 1866, p. 94;
and see Harman v. Richards, 10Hare,
81; Holmes v. Penney, 3 K. & J. 90 .
(j) Lush v. Wilkinson, 4 Vet. 384 ;
Battersby v. Farrington, 1 Swans. 106 ;
Kent v. Riley, 14 L. R. Eq. 190 ;
Middlecome v. Marlow, 2 Atk. 519;
Townshend v. Windham, 2 Ves. 11,
per Lord Hardwicke ; Russel v . Hammond, 1 Atk. 15; Walker v. Burrows,
1 Atk. 94; and see Martyn v . Macnamara, 2 Conn. & Laws . 554.
(k) Skarf v . Soulby, 1 Mac. & G.
375, per Cur.; Lush v . Wilkinson, 5
Ves. 387, per Cur.
(m) Stephens v. Olive, 2 B. С. С.
90 ; and see Skarf v. Soulby, 1 Mac.
& G. 375.
(n) Kentv . Riley, 14 L. R. Eq . 190.
(o) Richardson v . Smallwood, Jacob, 556;
[Re Johnson, 20 Ch . D.
389 ; affirmed nom . Golden v. Gillam,
51 L. J. N. S. Ch . 503.]
(a) Mackay v. Douglass, 14 L. R.
Eq. 106 ; [Ex parte Russell, 19 Ch . D.
588; Re Ridler, 22 Ch. D. 74. ]
(b) Barling v. Bishopp, 29 Beav.
417; Jenkyn v . Vaughan,
3 Drew .
426; Richardson v. Smallwood, Jac.
556 ; Tarbuck v. Marbury, 2 Vern.
510; Hungerford v. Earle, Ib. 261 ;
(l) Graham v. O'Keefe, 16 Ir. Ch .
Spirett v. Willows, 3 De G. J. & S.
Rep. 1.
303; Ware v. Gardner, 7 L. R. Eq.
108