*517
[CH. XX. S. 2.
CREDITORS' DEEDS REVOCABLE.
favour (c) .
And à fortiori, this is the case if the payment
of the debt is to be made only on the request of the settlor (d) .
But, of course, the trust cannot be revoked by the
settlor, so as to defeat or prejudice what the trustees may
have done previously in the due execution of the trust (e) .
3. Garrard v. Lauderdale.-In Garrard v. Lauderdale, the
Duke of York, by indenture between himself of the first
part, trustees of the second part, and the creditors of the
third part, conveyed certain property to trustees upon trust
for his creditors, and upon the execution of the deed a circular to that effect was sent to each of the creditors .
Here
there was ground for contending that, as the creditors had
been induced by the notice to forbear suing the settlor, they
had acquired a right to the execution of the trust, but Sir
L. Shadwell, observing that the receipt of the circular was
not admitted, and that, if received, yet the creditors had not
refrained from suing, as they had proved against the Duke's
estate, decided that the creditors had no equity to enforce
the trust (f) , and the decree, on appeal to Lord
[*517] Brougham, was affirmed (g) .
The authority, * however, of this case has, on several occasions, been
questioned (a) ; and Lord St. Leonards observed he should
be sorry to have it understood that a man may create a
trust for creditors, communicate it to them, and obtain from
them the benefit of their lying by until perhaps the legal
right to sue was lost, and then insist that the trust was
wholly within his power (b) .
There can be little doubt that
upon the general principles of equity the settlor, by giving
notice to the trustees, and by subsequent conduct, may con(c) Gibbs v. Glamis, 11 Sim . 584 ;
Simmonds v. Palles, 2 Jon. & Lat.
489; and see Synnot v. Simpson, 5
H. L. Cas . 121 .
(d) Evans v. Bagwell, 2 Conn. &
Laws. 612.
(e) Wilding v. Richards, 1 Coll .
655, see 659; and see Kirwan v. Daniel, 5 Hare, 493 .
(f) 3 Sim. 1.
(g) 2 R. & M. 451; and see Cornthwaite v. Frith, 4 De G. & Sm. 552 ;
Stone v. Van Heythuysen, Kay, 727.
(a) See Acton v. Woodgate, 2 M.
& K. 495; Kirwan v. Daniel, 5 Hare,
499; Simmonds v. Palles, 2 Jon. &
Lat. 495, 504; Siggers v . Evans, 6
Ell. & Bl . 367.
But see Johns v.
James, 8 Ch . D. 744, where the Court
of Appeal approved of and followed
Garrard v. Lauderdale; Montefiore v.
Browne, 7 H. L. Cas . 241.]
(b) Browne v. Cavendish, 1 Jon. &
Lat. 635 ; 7 Ir. Eq. Rep. 388.
700