*312
[CH. XIV. S.4.
INVESTMENT .
years next before the date of investment paid a dividend on
its ordinary stock or shares.”
Under this section, moneys in Court which have arisen
from the purchase under the Lands Clauses Consolidation
Act, 1845, of land belonging absolutely to a charity, have
been invested in railway debenture stock (a).
13. Where under a will money was bequeathed to trustees
in trust to lay it out in the purchase of real estate, to be
settled in strict settlement, with a direction that until the
purchase " the legacy should be invested in Government or
real securities, but not in any other mode of investment," it
was held that the trustees, on the direction of the tenant for
life, might invest the legacy in debenture stock (b).]
14. Investments on mortgage.- With respect to investments upon mortgage Lord Harcourt said, " The case of an
executor's laying out money without the indemnity of a
decree, if it were on a real security and one that there was no
ground at the time to suspect, had not been settled : but it
was his opinion that the executor, under such circumstances,
was not liable to account for the loss "(c) . And Lord Hardwicke (d), and Lord Alvanley (e), appear likewise to have
held that a trustee or executor would be justified in laying
out the trust-fund upon well-secured real estates.
But Lord
Thurlow, upon application made to him to lay out on mortgage money belonging to a lunatic, observed, that " in latter
times the Court had considered it as improper to invest any
part of a lunatic's estate upon private security " (f).
And
Sir John Leach refused a similar application with reference
to the money of infants, at the same time expressing his
surprise that any precedent could have been produced to
the contrary (g).
Where there was no power of investing
[(a) Re Byron's Charity, 23 Ch.
D. 171.]
[(b) Re Mackenzie's Trusts, 23 Ch.
D. 750.]
800.(e) Pocock v. Reddington, 5 Ves.
(f) Ex parte Cathorpe, 1 Cox,
182; Ex parte Ellice, Jac. 234.
(c) Brown v. Litton, 1 P. W. 141 ;
and see Lyse v. Kingdon, 1 Coll .
188.
(d) Knight v. Earl of Plymouth,
1 Dick. 126.
(g) Norbury v. Norbury, 4 Mad.
191; and see Widdowson v. Duck,
2 Mer. 494 ; Ex parte Ellice, Jac.
234 ; Ex parte Fust, 1 C. P. Cooper
T. Cott. 157, note (e) ; Ex parte