*374
[CH. XV.
RENEWAL OF LEASES .

and immediately laid out; but as this was impossible, it
would be sufficient to compute interest at 4 per cent." (a) .
(D) Rate after the death of the tenant for life.- "That
such interest was only to be paid till the widow's death, for
after that her executors had the demand upon the remainderman, and it became a common debt, and must carry simple
interest only" (b) .
(E) Case of tenant for life having had no enjoyment. "With respect to the second renewal, as the widow had not
lived to enjoy any part of that term, her executors were
entitled to the whole of the expenses, with interest to be
computed on the same principle as before " (c) .
6. Risk of losing the contribution. - In this case, it will be
observed, the tenantfor life had disbursed the fine and, the
payment being a charge upon the property, the widow was
in no danger of eventually losing her demand.
But where
the tenant for life has not the means of renewing, but the
remainderman comes forward with the money, if the contribution is to be suspended till the death of the tenant for life,
it may happen, that, when the proportions can at last be
ascertained, the estate of the tenant for life maybe insolvent,
and so the contribution be lost.
" I admit," says Lord Eldon,
" there is this difficulty in the case ; but perhaps from the
nature of the thing it cannot be helped : the utmost extent
you can go to is to make the tenant for life give security for
the sum which may eventually be due "(d) .
7. How the rule to be applied to leaseholds for lives. There occurs, also, this further difficulty, viz. how to apply
the principle to the case of leaseholds for lives.
The new
cestui que vie may die in the lifetime of the original cestui
que vie, and then no actual benefit accrues either to the
tenant for life or to the remainderman.
If the tenant for
life paid the fine, is the remainderman to contribute nothing,
because he took no benefit?
If the remainderman paid the