CH . XXIII . S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*593

46.
Appropriation of residue.-Where the residue consists
of a great variety of securities, the question arises whether
the trustees in the absence of any special power can virtute
officii, where infants are concerned, divide the residue by
appropriating some securities to one residuary legatee and
other securities to another, but so that the distribution is a
fair one according to the market price of the day of the
funds so appropriated.
The Court can make such an apportionment, for in a suit guardians ad litem of the infants
are appointed and are heard on their behalf to protect their
interests ; but out of Court where the voice of the infants
cannot be heard, it would be unsafe for trustees to make such
an apportionment on their own responsibility.
However,
where trustees are directed to invest the infants' share on
any particular securities, they might accept securities
of * the nature prescribed at the market price, as the [*593]
transaction when resolved would be the payment of
so much money, and the investment of it by the trustees in
the requisite securities.
Where there are no special powers,
the trustees should turn the whole of the irregular species
of property into money and divide the proceeds.

45. Release of equity of redemption.- Trustees of an equity
of redemption of lands mortgaged for more than their value,
may, it is conceived, release the equity of redemption to the
mortgagee, rather than be made defendants to a foreclosure
suit, the cost of which, so far as incurred by themselves,
would fall upon the trust estate .

46. Whether trustees mortgagees can release part of the land
in mortgage.- Where trustees are mortgagees they are often
requested to release part of the land from the security, in
order to enable the mortgagor to deal with it for his own
convenience .
Where the value of the land is not excessive
as compared with the debt, it would, of course, be a gross
breach of trust to deteriorate the security.
But suppose the
value of the part left in the mortgage to be (say) double
the amount of the debt, may the trustees release the residue ?
(b) Peterson v. Peterson, 3 L. R. Eq . 111.
801