DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE .
*501
former Act and the 66th section of the latter Act trustees
who are purchasers are authorised to buy without excluding
the application of the Acts, and the 66th section of the latter
Act expressly exonerates trustees and their solicitors from all
liability for so doing, but nothing in that Act is to be taken
to imply that the adoption in connection with or application
to any contract or transaction of any further or other provisions, stipulations, or words is improper.

6. Official searches .
Sect. 2 of The Conveyancing Act,
1882 (e) provides for an official search being made on the
request of a purchaser for entries of judgments, Crown debts ,
and similar matters, and provides that when a solicitor acting
for trustees obtains an office copy certificate of the result of
the search under the section, the trustees shall not be answerable for any loss that may arise from error in the certificate .

7. Yorkshire Register .
As to lands situate in Yorkshire,
" The Yorkshire Registries Act, 1884," (f) provides
for an official search of the register being * made at [*501]
the request of any person, and further exempts any
trustee, executor, or other person in a fiduciary position who
has obtained a certificate of the result of an official search or
a certified copy of any document enrolled in the register, or
of any entry in the register from any loss, damage, or injury
that may arise from any error in such certificate or copy.
And where a deed or will has been enrolled at full length,
the comparison of an abstract with the copy so enrolled is to
be a sufficient discharge of the duty to compare the abstract
with the original document.]

8. Deposit.- As a deposit is almost invariably required
upon a sale by auction, and not uncommonly by private contract, it is conceived that trustees would be justified upon
signing the contract in paying a deposit in part discharge de
bene esse of the purchase-money.
But generally the character of trustee is pleaded as an excuse for not paying a deposit, and is allowed.

9. Where purchase-money is in Court.- Where the money
is in Court the trustee must enter into a conditional contract,
[(e) 45 & 40 Vict. c. 39.]
[ (f) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 54, ss. 20, 23.]