*178
PURCHASE IN NAME OF A CHILD.
[Сн. IX. S. 2 .
[*178] the father is dead (j), or of a nephew * who had been
adopted as a son (a) ; but it seems that the advancement will not be presumed in favour of a more remote relation, and à fortiori not of a stranger, though the real purchaser may have placed himself loco parentis (b) .
[13. Case of investment in joint names of purchaser, his wife,
and strangers . -The doctrine of advancement has been applied to the case of an investment by a husband in the joint
names of himself, his wife, and strangers (c) .]
14. Case of a mother.-The cases of advancement are
generally those of a father, but [the question has arisen on
several occasions whether the principle is applicable as between mother and child, and has given rise to some difference of opinion, but, on the balance of the authorities as
well as on principle, it would seem that the true rule is,
that, as a Court of Equity recognizes no such obligation
according to the rules of equity in a mother to provide for
her child as exists in the case of a father, the mere purchase
or investment in the name of the child is not sufficient per
se to raise a presumption of advancement, but there must
be some evidence of intention on the part of the mother,
either to place herself in loco parentis or to advance the
child, to entitle the child to the property.
However, very
slight evidence of intention is sufficient, there being very
little additional motive required beyond the relationship to
induce a mother to make a gift to her child (d) ; and the
principle] does not apply to a step-mother (e) .
Where
15. Purchase-money not paid, a debt from parent.
the purchase is held to be an advancement, and the purchase(j) Ebrand v. Dancer, 2 Ch. Ca.
26; and see Loyd v. Read, 1 P. W.
607; Currant v. Jago, 1 Coll. 265,
note (c) ; Tucker v. Burrow, 2 H. &
M. 525; Fowkes v. Pascoe, 10 L. R.
Ch. App. 343.
(a) Currant v. Jago, 1 Coll. 261 .
(b) See Tucker v. Burrow, 2 H.
& M. 515; but see the analogous
class of cases in reference to double
portions, Powys v. Mansfield, 3 My.
& Cr. 359, &c .
[(c) Re Eykyn's Trusts, 6 Ch. D.
115.]
[(d) Re De Visme, 2 De G. J. &
Sm . 17 ; Bennet v. Bennet, 10 Ch . D.
474; Re Orme, 50 L. T. N. S. 51 ;
but see Sayre v. Hughes , 5 L. R. Eq.
376; Batstone v. Salter, 10 L. R. Ch .
App. 431.]
(e) Todd v . Moorhouse, 19 L. R.
Eq. 69.
244