*378

[CH. XV.

RENEWAL OF LEASES .

security, but there is a practical difficulty in determining for
what sum the tenant for life is to give security.
If he gives
security for the whole amount of the fine, because by possibility he may enjoy the whole benefit resulting from the
renewal, the difficulty is got over; but the tenant for life
may not be able to give security for the whole although he
might for a part, and how is the Court in such a case to deal
with the interests of the parties ?
I do not, however, think
that the difficulty to which I have adverted is insuperable .
The tenant for life may in the first instance be required to
give security for an amount calculated upon the assumption
that his life will last during a portion of the renewed lease.
If he should die within the time during which it was assumed
that his life would last, the security would of course be more
than sufficient to satisfy his proportion of the fine, and it
would be void for the excess.
If he outlived that time he
might, if necessary, be called upon to give a further security
to cover the additional proportion then to be attributed to
him.
It appears to me proper to declare that each party is
to bear the burthen of the renewal in the proportion of his
actual enjoyment of the estate.
There will be a direction for
the tenant for life to keep down the interest, and a reference
to ascertain what proportion of the fine was properly payable
by him.
This inquiry is necessarily by anticipation.
There
will then be a reference to approve of a security, and these
directions must be followed by a declaration that the reference and security are to be without prejudice to the question
whether the tenant for life may or may not be liable to pay
less or more than the sum for which the security is given."

The doctrines enunciated in this case have been since approved as sound, and the tenant for life, where the fine has
been paid out of the trust fund, has been ordered to give
security for his contribution to the fine in proportion to the benefit which he should ultimately derive from the new life (a).
It must be observed, however, that Jones v. Jones leaves
untouched the case which creates the greatest difficulty, viz.,
(a) Hudleston v. Whelpdale, 9 Hare, 775.
518