*268
[CH. XIII.
LIABILITY OF CO-EXECUTORS.

An executor has, independently of his co-executor, a full and absolute control over the personal assets of the testator. If an executor joins with a co-executor in a receipt, he does a wanton and unnecessary act; he interferes when the nature of the office lays upon him no such obligation, and therefore it was a rule very early established that if executors joined in receipts, they should be answerable, each in solido, for the amount of the money received.

7. Westley v. Clarke.-In Westley v. Clarke (d), Lord Northington expressed an opinion that aimed at breaking down the rule; and by his decision of that case he succeeded in establishing a qualification of it.
(c) Aplyn v. Brewer, Pr. Ch . 173;
Murrell v. Cox, 2 Vern. 560;
Ex parte Belchier, Amb. 219, per Lord Hardwicke;
Leigh v. Barry, 3 Atk. 584, per eundem;
Harrison v. Graham, 3 Hill's MSS. 239, per eundem;
cited 1 P. W. 241, 6th ed. note (y);
Darwell v. Darwell, 2 Eq. Ca.Ab. 456;
Gregory v. Gregory, 2 Y. & C. 316, per Baron Alderson.

(d) Eden, 357; S.C. 1 Dick. 329;
and see Candler v. Tillett, 22 Beav. 257;
Harden v. Parsons, 1 Eden, 147, 148.
Yet in Churchill v. Hobson, 1 P. W. 241, note (y) by Mr. Cox, his Lordship is reported to have said, according to a note of the case by Sir L. Kenyon, that in Westley v. Clarke he should have thought the co-executors liable if they had been present at the time the money was paid; and
Lord Redesdale, in Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch. & Lef. 242, 243, seemed to think that Lord Northington had no intention of breaking down, but only of qualifying the rule.

Make it easy for a co-executor to misapply the funds of the estate he will be liable; Adair v. Brimmer, 74 N.Y. 539;
Edmonds v. Crenshaw, 14 Pet. 166;
Sparhawk v. Buell, 9 Vt. 41.

An executor may become liable for his negligence and ignorance regarding estate funds; Clark v. Clark, 8 Paige, 152;
also if he fail to require within a reasonable time payments due the estate by his co-executor; Carter v. Cutting, 5 Munf. 223.

The liability of joint administrators is the same as that of co-trustees; Murray v. Blatchford, 1 Wend. 583;
O'Neall v. Herbert, 1 McMul. Eq. 495.

These rules are of much less importance in America than in England because here trustees, executors, administrators, etc., are required, unless there is a waiver by the proper parties, to give a bond for the faithful performance of their duties, and very often the bond required is a joint one, giving a remedy against all, for a breach by either, whether the misconduct was joint or only by one; Ames v. Armstrong, 106 Mass. 35;
Towne v. Ammidon, 20 Pick. 535;
Hill v. Davis, 4 Mass. 137;
Newcomb v. Williams, 9 Met. 525;
Jeffries v. Lawson, 39 Miss. 791;
Anderson v. Miller, 6 J. J. Marsh. 568;
Braxton v. State, 25 Ind. 82;
Babcock v. Hubbard, 2 Conn. 539.
But the estate of a deceased executor is not liable for any act of a co-executor after his death; Brazer v. Clark, 5 Pick. 96;
Towne v. Ammidon, 20 Pick. 535.

Where the bonds given are separate, there is the same absence of liability as first laid down; McKim v. Aulbach, 130 Mass. 481.