*521
TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
[CH. XX. S. 3.
tations when the testator leaves no real estate to support
the trust.1
7. Debt contracted by infant for necessaries .- The terms
of the trust will extend to the repayment of a sum of money
borrowed by the settlor when an infant for the purchase of
necessaries (b) .
8. Case of a mortgagee with covenant for payment.-Shall
a mortgagee who has a covenant for payment of his debt be
allowed to prove and receive a dividend upon the whole
amount of his debt pari passu with the other creditors, or
shall he prove only for the excess of the debt beyond the
value of the security, or what rule is to govern the case?
In
bankruptcy, the mortgagee proves only for the excess of the
mortgage debt over the value of the security, so that he
must first dispose of the estate (with the concurrence, if he
has no power of sale, of the trustee in bankruptcy), [or
assess the value of it,] and then prove for the difference.
In the administration of assets in Courts of equity, a mortgagee [was until recently] allowed to prove for his whole
debt without being put on terms as to his security (c) ; [but
by the Judicature Act,1875 (d), the rule in equity has in
insolvent estates been assimilated to that in bankruptcy.]
The trust deed usually provides for the case of persons having specific liens, and ingrafts the principle established in
bankruptcy.
If there be no such clause, and if the deed
provide that the creditor shall release his debt and all securities for the same, the mortgagee, by executing the deed,
binds himself to the other creditors, notwithstanding any
558.(6) Marlow v. Pitfield, 1 P. W.
(c) See Greenwood v. Taylor, 1
R. & M. 185; Mason v. Bogg, 2 M.
& Cr. 433 ; Rome v. Young, 4 Y. &
C. 204; Hanman v. Riley, 9 Hare,
App. xli.; Ex parte Middleton, 3 De
G. J. & Sm. 201.
The rule in equity
was also held to apply in liquidations
of joint stock companies under the
Companies' Act, 1862, Kellock's case ,
3 L. R. Ch . App. 769.
[By 38 & 39
Vict. c. 77, s. 10, the rule in bankruptcy has been adopted both
in
administrations of insolvent estates
in Courts of Equity and in liquidations under
the
Companies' Acts,
1862 & 1867 of joint stock companies.
By the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 , s . 125,
the estate of a person dying insolvent
can now be administered in bankruptcy.]
[(d) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 77, s. 10.]
1 Re Hepburn, 14 Q. B. D. 394.
706