*244
[CH. XII . S. 2 .
BANKRUPTCY OF
TRUSTEES .
sonal representative, and to have assumed that of absolute
owner (c) .
15. Factors.- So goods in the possession of factors, in the
ordinary course of their trade, are not forfeitable under this
clause (d) .
16.
Reversions.- The forfeiture clause affects interests in
reversion as well as in possession (e), though such interests
are contingent (f), and the circumstance that notice was
given to the trustee, after the bankruptcy, but before the
appointment of assignees in bankruptcy, has been held not
to prevent the operation of the Act (g) .
17. Deposits.-Under the old Bankruptcy Acts, no forfeiture was incurred where the security for a chose in action,
as a policy, was deposited with a banker, not by way of
equitable assignment so as to give the banker a right to
receive the money, but by way of lien, so as to disable the
bankrupt from receiving the money (h).
But the case was
otherwise where the depositee had a right conferred upon
him to receive the money, for then the chose in action was
forfeited (i) .
18. Ignorance.-The clause has been held not to apply
where the true owner was ignorant of his being such, for if
he did not know that he was the true owner, how could he
have given any consent as such (j).
And where the bankrupt held in trust for a corporation which had no power to
possess such property, it was ruled that the corporation,
being a mere abstraction of law, and incapable of action
(c) Fox v. Fisher, 3 B. & Ald. 135 ;
Ex parte Moore, 2 Mont. D. & De G.
616; Ex parte Thomas , 3 Mont. D.
& De G. 40; see Quick v. Staines,
1 B. & P. 293 ; Whale v. Booth, cited
Farr v . Newman, 4 T. R. 625,note (a) .
(d) Mace v. Caddell, Cowp. 232;
Ex parte Pease, 19 Ves . 46, per Lord
Eldon ; L'Apostre v. Le
Plaistrier,
cited Copeman v. Gallant, 1 P. W.
318.; Whitfield v.Brand, 16 M. & W.
282.
J. 300, 376 ; Rickards v. Gledstanes,
3 Giff. 298 .
(f) Hensley v. Wills, 16 L. T.
N. S. 582; Davidson v. Chalmers, 33
Beav. 653.
(g) Re Tichener, 35 Beav. 317 .
(h) Gibson v. Overbury, 7 M. &
W. 555.
(i) Green v. Ingham, 2 L. R. C. P.
(e) Bartlett v. Bartlett, 1 De G. &
J. 127; Re Rawbone's Trust, 3 K. &
525.
(j) Re Rawbone's Trust, 3 K. & J.
300, 476 ; and see Ex parte Ford, 1
Ch. D. 521 ; In re Hickey, 10 Ir. Rep.
Eq. 117.