SIXTH SCHEDULE.

*160

RESULTING TRUSTS.

Whether a gift of residuary personal estate will pass lapsed
legacies from proceeds of sale of real estate. -The question
was much discussed before the late Wills Act, and may still
be material, what expressions of a testator will amount to
such an absolute conversion of real estate into personal, that
a void or lapsed legacy given out of the proceeds of the sale
shall, as if the property had been personal, fall into the
residuary bequest, instead of resulting to the heir.

" I
agree," said Lord Brougham, " a testator may provide
that lapsed and void legacies * shall go in this manner, as if
the testator say in express words,
' I give all lapsed and void
legacies as parcel of my residue to the residuary legatee,' and
if he can do it by express words, he can do it by plain and
obvious intention to be gathered from the whole instrument " (a) .
But what will amount to such an implication is a point that
can with difficulty be brought under any very definite rule.

Results of the authorities.-Apparently the only principle
to be extracted from the authorities is, that a lapsed or void
legacy will pass to the residuary legatee, if the testator expressly declare that the proceeds of the sale shall be considered
as " personal estate," or if the intention of an absolute conversion into personal estate for all the purposes of the will can,
without the aid of any such express declaration, be gathered
from the general structure of the will (b) .
Next of kin and
residuary legatee distinguished.
It was
stated in a former page, that if a testator direct the proceeds
of the sale to be taken as "personal estate," a part of the
proceeds undisposed of by him will nevertheless not result to
the next of kin.

The distinction between the next of kin and
the residuary legatee is this : the former claim dehors the will,
while the latter is a claimant under the will, and when the
v. Wakeman, 2 Ves. jun. 683, the
sum undisposed of did not fall into
the residue on the principles adopted
in Davers v . Dewes, 3 P. W. 40, and
Attorney-General v. Johnstone, Amb.
577.

(a) Amphlett v. Parke, 2 R. & M.
232; and see M'Cleland v. Shaw, 2
Sch. & Lef. 545.
(b) Durour v. Motteux, 1 Ves . 321
(see the will stated from Reg. Lib.
in Jones v. Mitchell,1 S. & S. 292,
note (d) ) ; Kennell v. Abbott, 4 Ves .
802; Amphlett v. Parke, 1 Sim. 275 ;
S. C. 2 R. & M. 221 ; Green v. Jackson, 5 Russ . 35; S. C. 2 R. & M. 238;
Salt v. Chattaway, 3 Beav. 576.
[And
see Singleton v. Tomlinson, 3 App.
221