*384

CONTINGENT REMAINDERS .

was enacted (by s. 8), that a contingent remainder should be
deemed capable of taking effect, notwithstanding the determination by-forfeiture, surrender, or merger of any preceding
estate of freehold, in the same manner in all respects as if
such determination had not happened.

11. Remarks upon the
limitation to
preserve
contingent
remainders.-In consequence of this enactment it is now
unnecessary to make use of any machinery for preserving
contingent remainders from destruction by the forfeiture,
surrender, or merger of the preceding estate ; and therefore,
if an estate be limited to the use of A. for life, with remainder
to his unborn children, the contingent limitations cannot be
defeated.

But limitations to trustees, during the lives of the
tenants for life, are still frequently introduced in settlements
for the purpose of creating a check upon the tenants for life,
as, in cases of waste by the tenants for life, it would be the
duty of the trustees to interfere as protectors of the remaindermen's interest (b) .

12. Contingent remainders may still be defeated by determination of life estate in due course.-Contingent remainders
however created before the recent Act(c) still remain liable
to be defeated, should the preceding life estate determine, in
due course, before they become vested, and the limitation of
an estate pur autre vie adequate to support the contingent
remainders is accordingly in many cases a matter of considerable importance.
Thus if an estate be limited to A. for
life, with remainder to the unborn children of B., or to the
children of B. who should attain 21, here the contingent
remainders, if B. survives A., would require support by a
limitation of the estate to trustees after the death of A. until
the children of B. should come into existence, in the one case,
or until a child should attain 21 in the other.

*40 & 41 Vict. c. 33.-[But now by the recent [*384]
Act (a) every contingent remainder created by any
instrument executed after the passing of the Act (2 August, 1877), or by any
will or codicil revived or republished by any
(b) Perrot v. Perrot, 3 Atk. 94, per
Lord Hardwicke; Garth v. Cotton, 1 Ves. sen. 555, per eundem .
[(c) 40 & 41 Vict. c. 33.]
[(a) 40 & 41 Vict. c. 33.]