*112
[CH. VIII. S. 1.
EXECUTORY TRUSTS .
execution " (b).
[And in a recent case the late M. R. observed " It is called an executory trust, where the testator
instead of expressing exactly what he means, that is, filling
up the terms of the trust, tells the trustees to do their best
to carry out his intention.
In that way it is executory, that
if he has not put into words the precise nature of the limitations, he has said in effect, "Now there are my intentions, do
your best to carry them out " (c).]
6. Executory trusts, in marriage articles distinguished from
the like trusts in wills.-We proceed to the inquiry to what
extent in executory trusts a latitude of construction is admissible ; and to draw the line correctly, we must again distinguish between executory trusts in marriage articles, where
the Court has a clue to the intention from the very nature of
the contract, and executory trusts in wills, where the Court
knows nothing of the object in view à priori, but in collecting the intention must be guided solely by the language of
the instrument.
Occasionally confounded.-This distinction was at first but
very imperfectly understood.
Because executory trusts under wills admitted a degree of latitude, it was held by some,
they were to be treated precisely on the same footing as
executory trusts in marriage articles ; while, because trusts
under wills did not admit an equal latitude of construction,
it was held by others that they were not to be distinguished
from trusts executed (d) .
Even Lord Eldon once observed,
"There is no difference in the execution of an executory
trust created by will, and of a covenant in marriage articles ;
such a distinction would shake to their foundation the rules
of equity " (e) .
But Lord Manners said he could not assent
to this doctrine (f) ; and Lord Eldon some time after took
an opportunity of correcting himself (g) .
(b) Jervoise v. Duke of Northumberland,
1 J. & W. 570 ;
and see
Coape v. Arnold, 4 De G. M. & G.
585.
[(c) Miles v. Harford, 12 Ch. D.
691, 699.]
(d) See Bale v. Coleman, 8 Vin .
267.
(e) Countess of Lincoln v. Duke
of Newcastle, 12 Ves. 227, 230 ; and
see Turner
v.
Sargent,
17 Beav.
519.
(f) Stratford v. Powell, 1 B. & Β.
25; Synge v. Hales, 2 B. & Β. 508.
(g) Jervoise v. Duke of Northumberland, 1 J. & W. 574.
154