*458
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .
of the testator, but which arose subsequently out of obligations entered into by him, that a very liberal term ought to
be allowed for the exercise of the power of sale (b).
[The
Court of Appeal has, however, recently expressed an opinion
that twenty-seven years is too long a period, and laid down
the rule that for a period of twenty years from the testator's
death a purchaser should not be bound or entitled to ascertain whether the debts were paid, but that after the lapse of
that period it is fair to presume that the debts have been
paid and the purchaser is bound to enquire (c), and this rule
has been followed in Ireland (d) .]
11. Power of signing receipts a question of intention at the date of the instrument.-As the exemption of the purchaser
from seeing to the application of the purchase-money depends as a general rule upon the settlor's intention, the
question must be viewed with reference to the date of the
instrument, and not as affected by circumstances which have
subsequently transpired (e).
Thus, if a trust be created for
payment of debts and legacies, and the trustees, after full
payment of the debts contract for the sale of the estate, the
purchaser will not, upon this principle, be bound to see to
the application of the money in payment of the legacies (f) .
12. Forbes v. Peacock .-In Forbes v. Peacock (g), a testator directed his debts to be paid, and gave the estate to his
wife (whom he appointed his executrix) for life, subject to
his debts and certain legacies, and empowered her to sell the
estate in her lifetime, and directed that if it were not sold in
her lifetime, it should be sold at her death and the proceeds
applied in a manner showing that they were intended to pass
through the hands of the executors, and the testator requested certain persons to act as executors and trustees with
his wife.
The widow lived twenty-five years, and after her
(b) Ib. 560.
[(c) Re Tanqueray-Willaume and
Landau, 20 Ch . D. 465.]
[(d) Re Molyneux and White, 13
L. R. Ir . 382. ]
(e) See Balfour v. Welland, 16
Ves. 156 ; Johnson v. Kennett, 3 M.
& K. 631 ; Eland v. Eland, 4 M. & Cr.
428.
(f) Johnson v. Kennett, 3 M. & Κ.
624, reversing S. C. 6 Sim. 384; Eland
v. Eland, 4 M. & Cr. 420; Page v.
Adam, 4 Beav. 269;
Stroughill v.
Anstey, 1 De G. M. & G. 635.
(g) 11 Sim. 152; 12 Sim. 528; 11
M. & W. 637 ; 1 Ph. 717 ; see Stroughill v. Anstey, 1 De G. M. & G. 650.
622