RENEWAL OF LEASES .
trustees must raise the expenses out of the estate by way of
mortgage (c) ; and at the tenant for life's decease the apportionment must be made in like manner.
Mortgage by
trustees.
However,
a mortgage, where
neither the tenant for life nor remainderman
will make
the advance, is more easily to be suggested than to be carried into effect, for few persons would be disposed to lend
their money on such a security, in the absence of any express power to mortgage. In such a case, therefore, it seems
necessary to have recourse to the Court, except where the
difficulty is met by the provisions of the Act before referred
to (d) .
* 2. Old rule of contribution.- The old rule of con- [*372]
tribution was, that the tenant for life should advance
one-third, and the remainderman two-thirds (a) ; but the
question was put by Lord Thurlow, " Is a tenant for life at
the age of ninety-nine, whose title accrued in possession
when he was ninety-eight, to pay one-third- a great deal
more than any possible enjoyment ?
According to that rule,
a man of the age of ninety-nine, who has the enjoyment only
of ten days pays as much as a man of twenty-five" (b) .
3. Rule of keeping down the interest on the fine.
Lord
Alvanley adopted the rule (c), (and from the case of Lawrence v. Maggs, it would seem that Lord Northington had
before acted upon the same principle (d),) that the tenant
for life should merely keep down the interest of the fine.
But
Lord Eldon said, " he could not agree to that : in the case of
tenant for life and remainderman in tail or in fee, the inheritance being charged with the mortgage, it was fair the tenant
(c) See Buckeridge v. Ingram, 2
Ves . jun . 666 ; Earl of Shaftesbury
v. Duke of Marlborough, 2 M. & Κ .
121 ; Allan v . Backhouse, 2 V. & B.
72.
(d) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145, s. 9 ; ante,
pp. 365, 366.
(a) Earl of Shaftesbury v. Duke
of Marlborough, 2 M. & K. 118, per
Sir J. Leach ; Lock v . Lock, 2 Vern .
666, R. L. 1710, B. fol . 120; Verney
v. Verney, 1 Ves. 428; Limbroso v.
Francia, cited Ib.; Graham v. Lord
Londonderry, cited Stone v. Theed,
2 В. С. С. 246; and see Rowell v.
Walley, 1 Ch. Rep. 218 ; Ballet v.
Sprainger, Pr. Ch. 62 ;
Cornish v.
Mew, 1 Ch. Ca. 271 .
555.
(b) See White v . White, 9 Ves .
(c) Buckeridge v. Ingram, 2 Ves .
jun. 652, see 666 ; White v. White, 4
Ves, 24, see 33.
(d) 1 Eden, 453, see 455.
511