*74. Long Annuities, &c.- If a testator's estate
consist of Long Annuities, or other fund either not a
Government security or not of the most permanent character, the Court, as we have seen, as soon as its observation is
attracted to the circumstance, invariably directs a conversion
of such estate into Three per cent. Bank Annuities (a) ; and
even Four per cent. and Five per cent. Bank Annuities,
while that description of stock existed, were ordered to be
similarly converted (b).
It follows that trustees, who must
be guided by the practice of the Court, would not be justified, in the absence of a special power, in investing trust
moneys settled upon several persons successively upon any
securities, which, by the rule of the Court referred to, would
be liable to be converted into other securities.
Even where
the trustees were empowered by the will to continue any of
the testator's Government Stocks, it was held that they were
not justified in continuing Long Annuities (c) .
75. Navy 5 per cents.- However, where the trustees were
directed by the will to invest on “Government or other good
security," and part of the testator's estate consisted of Navy
Five per cents., and the tenant for life continued to receive
the dividends for more than thirty years, the Court refused
to hold the trustees liable, for not having converted the Navy
Five per cents. into Three per cent. Consols (d) .
76. Selling out Consols.
Where the fund is already invested in Consols, it would be a clear breach of trust to sell
out and invest the proceeds in an irregular fund, as, for
instance, in Long Annuities (e) .
(c) See Raby v. Ridehalgh, 7 De G. M. & G. 104.
(a) See pp. 298, 300, supra.
(b) Howe v. Earl of Dartmouth, 7 Ves. 151, per Lord Eldon; Powell v. Cleaver, and other cases, cited Id. 142.
(d) Baud v. Fardell, 7 De G. M. & G. 628.
(e) Kellaway v. Johnson, 5 Beav. 462.