*401
[CH. XVII. S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
power, and was no authority in support of the view that the
power could not be exercised in favour of infants ; and Lindley, L. J., laid down the following rules as the result of his
examination of the authorities (c) : "1. That powers to appoint portions charged on land
ought, if their language is doubtful, to be construed so as
not to authorise appointments vesting those portions in
the appointees before they want them—that is, before they
attain twenty-one, or (if daughters) marry.
2. That where the language of the power is clear and
unambiguous, effect must be given to it.
3. That where upon the true construction of the power
and the appointment the portion has not vested in the lifetime of the appointee, the portion is not raisable, but sinks
into the inheritance .
4. That where upon the true construction of both instruments the portion has vested in the appointee, the portion is
raisable, even although the appointee dies under twenty-one,
or (if a daughter) unmarried.
5. That appointments vesting portions charged on land in
children of tender years, who die soon afterwards, are looked
at with suspicion ; and very little additional evidence of
improper motive or object will induce the Court to set aside
the appointment or treat it as invalid, but that without some
additional evidence the Court cannot do so."]
Fourthly. Of Ademption and Satisfaction .- The question
who are portionists involves the doctrine of Ademption and
Satisfaction, and we propose briefly to state the leading
principles.
[*401]
*1 . Ademption and satisfaction.- The nature of
Ademption and Satisfaction may be best illustrated
by instances.
A father by his will bequeaths 1,000l. to a
daughter, and after the date of the will he settles 1,000l.
upon the same daughter upon the occasion of her marriage,
and dies without having altered his will.
Here the father,
owing a debt of nature to his daughter (a), had originally
[(c) 21 Ch. D. 359.]
(a) See Watson v. Earl of Lincoln,
Amb. 326 ; Pym v. Lockyer, 5 M. &
Cr. 34; Powell v. Cleaver, 2 B. C. C.
516 ; Cooper v. Cooper, 8 L. R. Ch.
App. 813.
546