CH. XVII . S. 1.]
FOR RAISING PORTIONS .
*388
been settled that under such circumstances the eldest son,
even though he died in his father's lifetime, and sustained up
to his own decease the character of eldest son, but never
eventually came into possession of the estate, is entitled to
be treated as a younger son, and to share with the other portionists.
Thus in Davies v. Huguenin (a), the estate was
settled on J. Davies and his wife successively for life, remainder to the children as he should appoint, and subject as
aforesaid to the use of a trustee for 500 years for raising
portions for younger children ; remainder to the first and
other sons in tail.
J. Davies had two sons, William the
elder, and John Stanley the younger.
William attained
twenty-one and died in his father's lifetime, [and it was held
that his personal representative thereupon became entitled
to a portion, but subject to the exercise of the power of
appointment.]
Again, in Ellison v. Thomas (b), the eldest
son of R. E. C. was not tenant in tail but tenant for life
only, with remainder to his first and other sons in tail ; and
yet it was held that the personal representative of this eldest
son who died without issue male before coming into possession of the estate, was entitled to share in the portions provided for the younger children of R. E. C.
[If the estate is sold for payment of charges, and it is
insufficient for payment of all the charges, so that the eldest
son gets nothing under the limitation to him, he must still
be treated as an eldest child taking the estate subject to the
charges, and is not entitled to share in the portions provided
for the younger children (c) .]
5. Eldest daughter a younger child.- If an estate be settled on the first and other sons with a provision for younger
children, an eldest daughter though the firstborn, is regarded
as a younger child (d) .
So, if an estate be settled on the
first and other sons of A. with remainder to B., and there is
a trust for raising portions for A.'s younger children, and A.
(a) 1 H. & M. 730.
See Broadmead v. Wood, 1 B. C. C. 77 ; but see
Re Bayley's Settlement, 9 L. R. Eq.
Stanhope, 4 L. R. H. L. 55; but see
Gray v. Earl of Limerick, 2 De G. &
Sm. 371 .
[(c) Reid v. Hoare, 26 Ch. D. 363.]
(d) Beale v. Beale, 1 P. W. 245,
491.
(b) 1 De G. J. & S. 18 ; 2 Dr. &
Sm. 111;
and see Collingwood v.
per Cur.
531