*370

[CH . XV.]

RENEWAL OF LEASES .

Result of the cases.
The result appears to be that where
the direction is to raise the fines out of " the rents, issues,
and profits," simply, the Court may be compelled, by the
express language of the instrument, to throw the fines upon
the annual rents, but will lean strongly against such a construction, and where the trustees are empowered to raise the
fines out of " the rents, issues, and profits, or by mortgage,"
it will hold the discretion to apply only to the temporary
means of raising the fund, and will apportion the burthen
according to the general rule (c) .

5. Of raising the fines by way of insurance.
On a reference to the Master in Chancery by Sir J. Leach, how a fund
for payment of fines on the renewal of leaseholds for lives,
where the fines were to be paid from the annual rents, could
best be secured, the Master proposed in his report, that each
of the lives, upon which the leases were held, should be
insured against the life of the tenant for life in a sum sufficient to cover the amount of the fine, and that the premiums
upon the policies should be paid out of the annual rents and
profits (d).

Upon this arrangement we must remark that
the lives of the cestuis que vie ought to have been insured
unconditionally, and not against the life of the tenant for
life, for the estate was continually deteriorating as the lives
wore out, and the remainderman was entitled to have good
lives or equivalent insurances.
In leaseholds for years, the
remainderman has a right to a proportional accumulation
towards the payment of the next fine, and why is not the
same principle to prevail in the case of leaseholds for
[*370] lives ?
Subject to this observation, a
more
convenient mode of raising the fines could not perhaps
be suggested, and a trustee under similar circumstances
would scarcely incur a risk in acting upon it at his own
discretion .

6. Power to charge freeholds for raising fines. - Where freeholds and leaseholds for lives are limited to the same uses, it
is usual, from the difficulty of mortgaging leaseholds vested
[(c) See Re Marquess of Bute, 27
Ch. D. 196.]
(d) Earl of Shaftesbury v. Duke
of Marlborough, 2 M. & K. 124; and
see Greenwood v. Evans, 4 Beav. 44.
508