CH . XVIII . S. 1.

TRUSTEES FOR SALE .
that they will, in the absence of neglect on their part, be
entitled to be recouped out of their trust estate any loss they
may suffer in respect of the documents .

The undertaking for safe custody involves a personal liability which trustees are not by law bound to take upon
themselves and they should accordingly decline to give the
statutory undertaking when retaining the possession of documents.

58. Sale of leaseholds.- In a sale of leaseholds by trustees
who take by assignment they cannot, in any case, require
from a purchaser a covenant of indemnity against a breach
of the covenants ; for, as regards themselves, they took
the lease by assignment without personally *cove- [*445]
* nanting, and therefore cease to be liable on the assignment over; and, as regards a covenant for the protection
of the settlor, he has become a stranger by the execution of
the trust deed, and the trustees could neither, in the absence
of an express stipulation, insist upon a benefit to one with
whom there is no existing privity, nor, as they are bound to
make the sale the most beneficial to the cestuis que trust,
could they insert a condition in favour of a stranger which
might operate as a discouragement to purchasers (a) .

59.
Executor of lessee.
The executor of a lessee upon assigning the term would be entitled to such a covenant, his
testator's estate being liable under the original covenants of
his testator.

60. Practice of the Court.-Subject to the effect of the
Act to be mentioned presently, where a lessee's estate is in
course of distribution under the direction of the Court, a
portion of the estate is usually reserved for the purpose of
forming an indemnity fund against the covenants of the
lease (b), unless the risk be inconsiderable (c).

But no indemnity is provided where the testator's estate is not liable,
as where the testator himself was not a lessee, but the as
(a) See Wilkins v. Fry, 1 Mer.
244; Garratt v. Lancefield, 2 Jur. N.
S. 177 .

(6) Cochrane v. Robinson, 11 Sim .
378; Fletcher v. Stevenson, 3 Hare,
360; Dobson v. Carpenter, 12 Beav.
370; Hickling v. Boyer, 3 Mac. & G.
635; Brewer v. Pocock, 23 Beav. 310.

(c) Dean v. Allen, 20 Beav. 1 ;
Brewer v. Pocock, 23 Beav. 310 ; and
see Reilly v . Reilly, 34 Beav. 406.