*218
ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.
[CH. XII. S. 1.
trustees are construed to take not a fee simple, but an estate
for the life of A. (c) .
And Sir W. Grant expressed himself
in favor of a similar construction where the instrument was
a deed (d) ; but it has since been decided that in the latter
case a fee simple passes (e), unless it be quite clear upon the
face of the deed itself that the words " during the life of A."
were meant to be in the deed, and were wanting through
inadvertence (f) .
Of course there can be no such restriction of the estate by implication where the natural sense of the
words admits of a fair and reasonable construction ; as if
before the late Act (g) the fee simple in the trustees would
have supported contingent limitations that otherwise would
have been left at the mercy of the tenant for life (h) .
3. Trust to lease, &c. confers fee-simple.-But if a devise be
to trustees and their heirs upon a trust that cannot be executed without an absolute control over the property, as in
trust to lease for an indefinite number of years (i), or to
raise a sum of money by sale (j), and subject thereto
[*218] to uses in strict * settlement, the trustees will not
(c) Doe v. Hicks, 7 T. R. 433 ; Haddelsley v. Adams, 22 Beav. 267 ; as to
Boteler v. Allington, 1 B.C.C. 72,
see Doe v. Hicks, 7 T. R. 435, and
Wykham v. Wykham, 18 Ves. 418 ;
and see Nash v. Coates, 3 B.& Ad.
839.
(d) Curtis v. Price, 12 Ves. 89 ; but
see Wykham v. Wykham, 18 Ves.
419, and following pages .
(e) Colmore v. Tyndall, 2 Y.& J.
605; Lewis v. Rees, 3 K.& J. 132 ;
Cooper v. Kynock, 7 L.R.Ch.App.
398.
(f) Beaumont v. Marquis of Salisbury, 19 Beav. 198.
(g) 8 & 9 Vict. c. 106, s. 8.
(h) Venables v. Morris, 7 T. R.
342, 438; and see Curtis v. Price, 12
Ves. 100; Doe v. Hicks, 7 T. R. 437 ;
Rochford v. Fitzmaurice, 1 Conn.&
Laws. 169; 2 Dr.& War. 16.
(i) Doe v. Willan, 2 B.& Ald. 84;
but see Heardson v. Williamson, 1
Keen, 33 ; Ackland v. Lutley, 9 Ad.&
Ell. 879 .
(j) Wright v. Pearson, 1 Eden,
123; Bagshaw v. Spencer, 1 Ves.
142; Glover v. Monckton, 3 Bing.
13; Bale v. Coleman, 2 Eq.Ca.Ab.
309; note
(e) ; Sanford v. Irby, 3 B.& Ald.
654; Jones v. Morgan, 1 B.C.C.
206; for a correct report of the will,
see Fearne's C.R. Appendix, No. 3.
It has been observed in the " Treatise
of Powers " (Sug.Pow. 111, 8th edit.),
that this rule was not attended to in
the case of Hawker v. Hawker, 3 B.&
Ald. 537. The devise was probably
considered to be of a double aspect,
viz. to the trustees and their heirs
upon trust to sell, &c., if one event
happened, and upon trust for the
daughter, &c., if another event happened, and as the latter series of
limitations took effect, and therefore
no power of sale was to be exercised
by the trustees, it was not necessary
under the circumstances to arm them
with the inheritance.
The case
of Warter v. Hutchinson, 5 Moore, 143,
1 B.& C. 721, is more difficult to be
300