CH. IV.

*49

FOREIGN PROPERTY.

Thus Lord Eldon allowed a consignee to have a lien upon the application of general principles for proper advances upon estates in the West Indies (a).

So the Court has enforced specific performance of articles between parties for ascertaining the boundaries of their estates abroad (b), has compelled a person entitled to an estate in Scotland to give effect to an equitable mortgage by deposit of deeds of the Scotch estate, though by the law of Scotland a deposit of deeds created no lien (c), has directed an account of the rents * and profits of lands abroad (a), has [*49] ordered an absolute sale (b), and foreclosure of a mortgage (c), and has relieved against a fraudulent conveyance of an estate abroad (d), and prevented a defendant by injunction from taking possession (e).

In such cases, however, the Court, according to the modern doctrine, requires as a substratum for its jurisdiction that there should exist a personal privity between the plaintiff and defendant, and in the absence of such privity, no remedy lies by way of lien (a) Scott v . Nesbitt, 14 Ves . 438.

(6) Penn v. Lord Baltimore, 1 Ves .
444, and Belt's Suppt.; and see Roberdean v . Rous, 1 Atk. 543; Angus v.
Angus, West's Re. 23 ; Tullock v.
Hartley, 1 Y. & C. Ch. Ca. 144; Cood
v. Cood, 33 Beav. 314; Drummond v.
Drummond, 37 L. J. N. S. Ch . 811 ; 17
W. R. 6.

(c) Ex parte Pollard, 3 Mont. &
Ayr. 340 ; reversed Mont. & Chit. 239.
But see Norris v. Chambres, 29 Beav.
246.

Martin v. Martin, 2 R & M. 507,
may be supported on the ground that
the mortgagee had a lien for advances and supplies.
Had the lien not existed, Sir J. Leach thought the plaintiff
might have compelled a sale as against
the husband, but that such equity attached not to the estate, but to the person only: that after the institution of a suit, the equity would have bound
the estate, but until bill filed the husband could make a good title even to
a purchaser with notice; and the court
instanced the case of a husband, the
apparent
owner
of two
estates of
equal value, and that he made a settlement of estate A. under the direction
of the court, and that the trusteeswere
afterwards evicted by defect of the
husband's title: in that case the court
would oblige the husband to make a
settlement of estate B., but that until the bill was on the file the husband
remained the owner of the estate B. ,
and could effectually sell or charge it.

As to personal equities, see further,
Morse v . Faulkner, 1 Anst. 11, 3 Sw.
429, note (a) ; Averall v. Wade, Ll.
& Go. temp. Sugden, 261 ; Johnson v.
Holdsworth, 1 Sim. N. S. 108; Hastie
v. Hastie, 2 Ch. D. 304.

(a) Roberdean v . Rous, 1 Atk. 543.
(b) Ib. 544.
(c) Toller v . Carteret, 2 Vern. 494 ;
Paget v. Ede, 18 L. R. Eq. 118 ;
[and
see Re Longdendale Cotton Spinning
Company, 8 Ch. D. 150.]

(d)Arglasse v . Muschamp,1 Vern .
75.

(e) Cranstown v. Johnston, 5 Ves .
278; and see Bunbury v. Bunbury, 1
Beav . 318 ; Hope v Carnegie, 1 L. R.
Ch. App. 320.