*154
[Сн. ІХ. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
:
Gift charged with a contingent legacy.-Thus, if lands be
devised to A. charged with a legacy to B. provided B. attain
the age of twenty-one, should B. die without attaining that
age, the devise has become absolute in A., and the will is to
be read as if the legacy to B. had never been mentioned (b) .
So if the lands be given to A. charged with a legacy to B.,
and B. dies in the testator's lifetime (c) .
Gift charged with a sum to be appointed, and the power not
exercised.
The construction is the same, if lands be given
to A. subject to and charged with any sum not exceeding
10,000l. to such persons, and in such manner as the testator
shall appoint, and the power is either never exercised, or the
execution of it is void (d) : for here, as the testator confers
the whole interest on the devisee, reserving the power, if he
either abstain from executing the power, or appoint for an
illegal purpose, he does not diminish that interest, but the
heir is wholly disinherited (e) .
Noel v. Lord Henley.-And where a testator had devised
certain estates upon trust to sell, and out of the proceeds to
pay 5000l. unto his wife, her executors and administrators,
in part satisfaction of the sum of 10,000l. secured to her by
marriage settlement in case of her surviving him, and to invest
the residue upon certain trusts, and the wife died in the lifetime of the husband, so that the 10,000l. never became raisable ,
it was held that the 5000l. instead of resulting to the heir was
included in the residue (f) .
The construction put upon
the will was, that the whole fund was in the first instance
given to the residuary legatees, subject to a charge of 50001.
to arise on a certain event, and that contingency having
never occurred, the primary devise of the entirety was never
divested (g) .
(b) Tregonwell v. Sydenham, 3
Dow, 210, per Lord Eldon.
Sprigg v.
Sprigg, 2 Vern. 394, was decided on
this principle; Cruse v . Barley, 3 P. W.
20, should have been decided the same
way, but the point was not noticed.
See Attorney-General r. Milner, 3
Atk. 112;
Croft
v.
Slee , 4 Ves .
60.
(c) Sutcliffe v . Cole, 3 Drew. 185.
(d) Jackson v. Hurlock, 2 Eden,
263 ; Cooke v. The Stationers' Company, 3 M. & K. 262 ; Tucker v. Kayes,
4 K. & J. 339.
(e) Tregonwell v. Sydenham, 3
Dow, 213, per Lord Eldon.
(f) Noel v . Lord Henley, 7 Price,
241 ; S. C. Dan. 211, and 322.
(g) That the case was probably decided on this ground, see observations
214