*35
[CH. III. S. 2.
FEME COVERT .
be paid to the husband it passes into the hands of a stranger, and if it be paid to the wife, the law immediately transfers it to the husband who is a stranger.
If any receipt be
taken it should be the joint receipt of the husband and
wife (d) .
But the safest course would be to pay the money
to the account of the wife at some responsible bank, made
payable upon the joint receipt of the husband and wife, and
to remain there until required for the purposes of the trust,
and if the husband and wife took it out of the bank for any
purpose he would be liable as for a breach of trust.1
[*35]
*When the husband is a lunatic or idiot, or living
apart from the wife, or otherwise incapable (as from infancy (a) , or from being abroad and not heard of for years
(b)), of joining in the execution of a deed, the [High Court
of Justice (c) ] has power to dispense with the husband's concurrence, [in which case the deed need not be acknowledged
by the feme covert (d) ] .
The Court has frequently exercised
this jurisdiction by enabling a feme covert entitled to freeholds or copyholds (e), in fee simple (f), in fee tail (g) , or
for life, either in possession or reversion (h), or to dower (i),
or to leaseholds (j ), [or to personal estate falling under 20
& 21 Vict. c. 57] (k), " by deed or surrender, to dispose of
release, or surrender all her estate and interest" (the words
(d)
See Drummond
v. Tracy,
Johns . 611.
(a) Re Haigh, 2 C. B. N. S. 198.
(b) Re Harriet Hedges , W.
N.
1867, p. 19; Re Tarboton, W. N. 1867,
p. 276 ; Ex parte Robinson, 4 L. R. C.
P. 205.
[(c) This jurisdiction,
originally
given to the Court of Common Pleas
by the Fines and Recoveries Act, s .
91, has been transferred to the High
Court of Justice by the
" Supreme
Court of Judicature Act, 1873."
See
Ex parte Thompson,W. N. 1884, p. 28.]
[(d) Goodchild v. Dougal, 3 Ch.
D. 650.]
(e) Ex parte Shuttleworth,4Moore
and Scott, 332, note.
(f) Re Kelsey, 16 C. B. 197 ; Re
Cloud, 15 C. B. N. S. 833 ; Re Woodall, 3 C. B. 639; Re Woodcock, 1 C.
B. 437.
(g) Ex parte Thomas,4 Moore and
Scott, 331 .
(h) Ex parte Gill, 1 Bing. N. C.
168.
(i) Re Turner, 3 C. B. 639 .
(j) Re Harriet Hedges, W. N.
1867, p. 19.
[(k) Re Alice Rogers, 1 L. R. C.
P. 47 ; Ex parte Alice Cockerell, 4C.
P. D. 39.]
1 Still v . Ruby, 35 Pa . St. 373 ; Drummond v. Tracy, 1 Johns . 611 ; Griffith
v. Griffith, 5 B. Mon. 113 ; Shirley v. Shirley, 9 Paige, 363 ; Picquet v. Swan,
4Mason, 455;
see statutes in reference to married women in the various
states .
42