*351
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND .
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
the provisions of the Trustee Relief Act (d), needlessly commences an action, he will be allowed only the costs that
would have been incurred had he taken advantage of the
Trustee Relief Act (e) .
[21.
Originating summons .- Under the new Rules of Court,
an inexpensive process has been introduced which enables
either trustees, executors, or administrators, or their cestuis
que trust, by means of an originating summons, to procure
the determination without an administration by the Court of
the estate or trust, of various questions and matters arising out
of or affecting the trusts or the persons interested thereunder,
or to obtain an order for the administration of the estate or
trust without the delay and formalities of an action (f) ;
but this form of proceeding is not applicable to a case where
an executor has distributed the fund, and administration is
sought on the ground that he has by mistake overlooked in
the distribution some of the cestuis que trust (g).]
Under this rule, the question of the validity of a release
given by legatees, without (as they alleged) having had
independent advice, has been decided (h) .
22. Present practice.
Under the present practice it is in
many cases less expensive to determine the point in
[*351] dispute in an action, or by originating *summons,
than by the aid of the Trustee Relief Act, and in
such cases a trustee ought not to adopt the more expensive
process (a) .
23. Under the new Rules of Court, it is not obligatory
on the Court to make an order for the administration of any
trust, or of the estate of any deceased person, if the questions between the parties can be properly determined without administration, and the Court usually refuses to make
an order for general administration, unless satisfied that it
is necessary for the protection of the trustees or executors (d) See post .
(e) Wells v . Malbon, 31 Beav. 48.
[(f) Order 55, Rules 3 and 4, et
seq. As to the parties to be served,
see Rule 5.]
[(g) ReWarren, W.N. 1884,p. 112.]
[(h) Re Garnett, 50 L. T. N. S.
172; 32 W. R. 474.]
[(a) See observations of the late
M. R. in Re Birkett, 9 Ch. D. 581.]
(1) " Ord . 55, R. 10 ; as to the principles upon which the Court acts in the
exercise of its discretion under this order, see Re Wilson, 28 Ch. D. 457."