*491
PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .
[CH. XVIII. S. 3.
elsewhere), the Court would sanction a sale to the trustee (c).
15. Of executors, administrators, assignees, &c.-The principles laid down with reference to trustees for sale are of
course applicable to all who, though differing in name, are
invested with the like fiduciary character, as executors and
administrators (d), an executor in his own wrong (e), trustees for creditors (f), an agent (g), &c.; but a mortgagee
may purchase from his mortgagor (h), surviving partners
may purchase from the representatives of a deceased partner (i), [the trustee in the joint bankruptcy of surviving
partners, who have a large claim against the estate of the
deceased partner, may purchase from the representatives
of the deceased partner (j),] and the creditor taking out
execution is not precluded from becoming the purchaser of
the property upon a sale by the sheriff (k) ; [and a person
named as executor, but who, in fact, never proves the will,
is not excluded from purchasing from the executor who
proves (l).]
Secondly . As to the terms upon which the sale will be set
aside .
[*491]
*1.
Cestui que trust may recover the specific estate.
-The cestui que trust, if he chooses it, may have the
specific estate reconveyed to him by the trustee (a), or,
(c) Farmer v. Dean, 32 Beav. 327.
(d) Hall v.
Hallet, 1 Cox, 134 ;
Killick v . Flexney, 4 B. С. С. 161 ;
Watson v. Toone, 6 Mad. 153 ; Kilbee
v. Sneyd, 2 Moll . 186 ; Baker r .
Carter, 1 Y. & C. 250; and see Naylor v.
Winch, 1 S. & S. 566 .
(e) Mulvany v. Dillon, 1 B. & Β.408.
(f) Ex parte Hughes, 6 Ves . 617;
Exparte Lacey, Id. 625, and the cases
cited Id. 630,
note
(b) ; Ex parte
Bennett, 10 Ves . 395, per Lord Eldon;
Ex parte Reynolds, 5 Ves . 707 ; Ex
parte James, 8 Ves . 346, per Lord
Eldon; Ex parte Morgan, 12 Ves . 6 ;
Ex parte Bage, 4 Mad . 459 ; Ex parte
Badcock, 1 Mont. & Mac. 231 ; Pooley
v . Quilter, 2 De G. & J. 327 .
147, reversed Ib. 625 ; Murphy v.
O'Shea, 2 Jon. & Lat . 422.
(h) Knight v . Majoribanks, 11 Beav
322; 2 Mac. & G. 10.
(i) Chambers v. Howell, 11 Beav. 6.
As to purchases by one partner under
an execution against another partner,
see Perens v. Johnson, 3 Sm. & G. 419.
[(j) Boswell v . Coaks, 23 Ch . D.
302; reversed on other grounds, 27
Ch. D. 424. ]
(k) Stratford v. Twynam, Jac.418.
[(l) Clark v. Clark, 9 App. Cas.
733.]
(a) SeeExparte James , 8Ves . 351 ;
Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves. 400 ; Lord
Hardwicke v. Vernon, 4 Ves. 411;
York Buildings' Company v. Mackenzie,
8 B. P. C. 42.
664