*519
TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
[CH. XX. S. 3.
any arrangement with the creditors, but for the mere convenience of the debtor himself, so that it is revocable by the
debtor at any time until communicated to some creditor (b)
-in that case can a creditor, taking out execution, levy his
debt upon the property subject to the trust?
It seems,
though the deed is voluntary, yet it is not to be considered
as fraudulent within the statute 13 Eliz. c. 5, and if so, the
creditor cannot reach the property at law (c) .
However,
the deed might perhaps be held to be invalid as against the
creditor in a Court of equity (d) .
7. Post obit trusts.- It has been doubted, whether the
doctrine of revocability extends to a case where the trust
is to come into operation only on the death of the settlor,
and where subject to a trust for payment of debts the lands
charged are conveyed by way of bounty to a third person,
the presumption rather being that the creditors were also
meant to be objects of the settlor's bounty (e) .
8. Doctrine not likely to be extended.
The Courts at
the present day consider the doctrine under which these
deeds have been held revocable to have been carried far
enough, and have expressed a disinclination to extend it (f) .
[*519]
* SECTION
III .
OF THE DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS.1
Duties of trustees.-Upon this subject we shall consider,
First. What debts are to be paid ; Secondly. In what order
(b) Walwyn v. Coutts,3 Mer. 707 ;
S. C. 3 Sim . 14; Garrard v . Lauderdale, 3 Sim. 1; Acton v. Woodgate,
2 Μ. & Κ. 492 ; Kirwan v . Daniel, 5
Hare, 500 ; Harland v. Binks, 15 Q.
B. 713 .
(c) Pickstock v. Lyster, 3 M. & S.
371; Estwick v. Caillaud, 5 T. R. 420
But see Owen v. Body, 5 Ad . & Ell . 28.
(d) See Mackinnon v. Stewart, 1
Sim . N. S. 90, 91 ; Smith v. Hurst,
1 Coll. 705 .
(e) Synnot v. Simpson, 5 H. L.
Cas . 141.
(f) Wilding v. Richards, 1 Coll.
659; Kirwan v. Daniel, 5 Hare, 499;
Simmonds v. Palles, 2 Jon. & Lat.
495, 504; Browne v. Cavendish, 1 Jon.
& Lat. 635 ; Evans v. Bagwell, 2 Conn.
& Laws . 616 .
1 Trustees for the payment of debts .-In America all the property of a
deceased person, whether real or personal, is liable for his debts, and the
statutes of the various states make special provision for debts; generally,
however, the personal property is primarily liable.
Creditors of an estate are