*172
[Сн. IX. S. 2.
PURCHASE IN NAME OF A CHILD .
child is now looked upon as a circumstance particularly
favourable (d) .
2. Purchase of a reversionary estate. - It was objected,
that a reversionary estate, from the uncertainty of the time
when it would fall into possession, was not such a kind of
interest as a parent would prudently purchase by way of
provision for a child ; but mere proximity or remoteness of
the enjoyment, whether the reversion be expectant on the
decease of the parent or a stranger, has since been held
clearly insufficient to countervail the general rule (e) .
3. Purchase in joint names of father and son.
A purchase
in the joint names of the father and son has met with objections ;
" for this,"
observed Lord Hardwicke, “ does not
answer the purpose of an advancement, as it entitles the
father to the possession of the whole till a division, and to
a moiety absolutely even after a division, besides the
[*172] father's taking a chance to * himself of being a survivor of the other moiety : nay, if the son die during
his minority, the father would be entitled to the whole by
survivorship, and the son could not prevent it by severance,
he being an infant" (a) .
But surely no improvidence can
be justly charged on a parent who so settles his estate, that
if the son die a minor it shall revert to himself; that until
the marriage of the son or other pressing occasion, the father
and son shall possess an equal interest during their joint
lives, with the right of survivorship as to the whole ; that
the son shall have the power, when necessary, of settling one
moiety of the estate, but shall leave the other moiety to his
parent.
Whatever opinion may be entertained as to the
principle, the doubts above expressed by Lord Hardwicke
can scarcely be maintained in opposition to repeated decisions (b) .
A purchase in the joint names of the son and
a stranger is less favourable to the supposition of an intended
(d) Fearne's P. W. 327.
(e) Rumboll v. Rumboll, 2 Eden,
17, per Lord Henley ; Finch v. Finch,
15 Ves . 43 ; Murless v. Franklin, 1
Sw. 13.
(a) Stileman v. Ashdown, 2 Atk.
480; and see Pole v. Pole, 1 Ves . 76.
(b) Scroope v. Scroope, 1 Ch. Ca.
27 ; Back v. Andrews, 2 Vern. 120 ;
Grey v. Grey, 2 Sw. 599, and cases
there cited; Dummer v. Pitcher, 2 M.
& Κ. 272.
236