*495
PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .
[CH. XVIII. S. 3.
where a lessee has an option of purchasing and the option
is exercised after the death of the lessor, in which case there
is a retrospective conversion.
On the other hand, it may be
argued that a purchase by a trustee is not void but voidable
only, and that the heir is clearly not bound to account for
the rents while he was in possession, and that the Court
takes an account of rent and interest ab initio, not for the
purpose of increasing the trustee's personal estate, but for
measuring the price which the cestui que trust must pay for
recovering the estate : that the heir takes all the title which
the intestate could give him, subject to an equity subsisting
in another to wrest the estate from him upon certain terms,
and that the monies repaid are in fact the estate, after satisfying the outstanding claims : that the cases decided upon
contract have no application, as the monies are here repaid
contrary to the contract : that a different doctrine would
lead to great inconvenience in adjusting the accounts of rent
and interest, and also from intermediate settlements or other
dispositions by the heir; it would be very hard, for instance,
that purchasers under a marriage settlement, with constructive notice, should, because they cannot have the whole
benefit, be deprived of every benefit.
The inclination of the
author's opinion is in favour of the real representative, but
the point remains to be decided.
Thirdly, As to the time within which the sale may be set
aside.
1.
Cestui que trust must set aside the sale in reasonable time.
-If the cestui que trust desire to set aside the purchase, he
must make his application to the Court in reasonable time,
or he will not be entitled to relief (b).
A long acquiescence
under a sale to a trustee is treated as evidence that the
relation between the trustee and cestui que trust had been
previously abandoned, and that in all other respects the
purchase was fairly conducted (c) .
(b) Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves . 680, 682, per Lord Alvanley ; Chalmer v.
Bradley, 1 J. & W. 59 , per Sir T. Plumer; Ex parte James, 8 Ves . 351,
per Lord Eldon ; Webb v. Rorke, 2 Sch. & Lef. 672, per Lord Redesdale;
Randall v. Errington, 10 Ves. 427, per Sir W. Grant. But see Baker
v. Peck, 9 W. R. 186.
(c) Parkes v. White, 11 Ves. 226,
per Lord Eldon; and see Morse v. Royal, 12 Ves. 374, 378.
670