*337
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
1
yielded to the importunity of one of the cestuis que trust,
it was held by Sir A. Hart, that, although the trustee
[*337] was bound to replace the specific stock, the cestuis
que trust should not have the option of taking the
proceeds with interest (a) .
If the trustee become bankrupt,
the cestuis que trust may at their option prove for the proceeds with interest, or for the price of the specific stock at
the date of the bankruptcy with interim dividends (b) .
82. Neglect to invest property.
If trustees be under an
obligation to invest in the funds, and they pay the money into
a bank with a direction to lay it out in Bank Annuities, and
the bankers neglect to do it, and the trustees make no
inquiry for five months, and the bankers fail, the trustees
are answerable for the money or the stock at the option of
the cestuis que trust (c) .
83.
Trustees may not invest so as to subject the fund to the
control of any one trustee. - Trustees would not be justified
in making any investment that would subject the trust
money to the power or control of any one of the trustees
singly ; they could not, for instance, lay out the fund upon India bills (supposing such a security to be warranted by the
settlement), if made payable, not to all the trustees in their
joint capacity, but to one of the trustees individually (d) .
84.
Solicitors.-Solicitors employed in negotiating a loan
of trust monies, may not be liable for a breach of trust if
they have no other privity with the transaction than what
arises from their professional duty, but they will be deemed
trustees and be responsible as such if they act professionally
in carrying out a transaction which they know to be a breach
of trust, and which is calculated to promote their own private ends (e) .
(a) O'Brien o. O'Brien, 1 Moll.
533.
(b) Ex parte Shakeshaft, 3 В. С. С.
197; Ex parte Gurner, 1 Mont. Deac.
&De G. 497 .
(c) Challen v. Shippam,4Hare, 555.
(d) Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 1,
see 66; and see Salway v. Salway, 2
R. & M. 218 ; Ex parte Griffin, 2 Gl .
& J. 114; Clough v. Dixon, 8 Sim.
594; 3 M. & Cr. 490.
But see ante,
p. 295; Mendes v. Guedalla, 2 J. &
H. 259 ; Consterdine v. Consterdine ,
31 Beav. 330 ; [Lewis v. Nobbs, 8 Ch.
D. 591.]
(e) Alleyne v. Darcy, 4 Ir. Ch.
Rep. 199, see 204, 208; Fyler v. Fyler, 3 Beav. 550, and see Barnes v.
Addy, 9 L. R. Ch. App. 244, and
post, chap. xxx. s. 3.
466