*65
[CH. V. S. 3.
STATUTES OF WILLS.
the instrument, result to the heir-at-law, and the testator
inform the devisees that his intention in making the devise is,
that they shall hold the estate in trust for certain persons,
which the devisees undertake to do.
Will the Court, under
such circumstances, compel the devisees to execute the
[*65]
parol intention, or will * the equitable interest result
to the heir ?
In favour of the parol trust, it will be
argued that the testator left his will in the form in which
it appears, under the impression that his object, verbally
communicated, would be carried out, and that the trust can
therefore be supported, on the ground of mistake in himself,
or fraud in the devisees in not apprising the testator that the
trust could not be executed.
To this the answer is, that,
upon the face of the will, the equitable interest results to the
heir-at-law, and that, if the testator has not disposed of the
equitable interest, as required by the statute, the Court cannot make a will for him, on the plea of mistake or fraud (a) :
that the Court has interfered in the case of fraud in those
instances only where the devisee taking the beneficial interest under the will, was the contriver of the fraud, and, as no
man may take advantage of his own wrong, the Court compels the devisee to execute the intention fraudulently intercepted: but in the case supposed, the legal estate only is in
the devisees , while the beneficial interest is in the heir-at-law,
who is wholly disconnected from the fraud.
What jurisdiction, therefore, has the Court to act upon the conscience of
the heir, to deprive him of that estate, which has not been
devised away according to the Statute of Wills ? and how
can the trustees for the heir be held to be
trustees
for
another in the absence of all fraud on the part of the
heir?
It would seem, upon principle, that where a trust
results upon the face of the will, the circumstance of an express or implied promise on the part of the devisee to execute
a certain trust is not a sufficient ground for authorising the
Court to execute the trust as against the heir-at-law (b) .
(a) Newburg v. Newburg, 5 Madd.
364.
(b) The cases upon the subject are
Pring v . Pring, 2 Vern. 99 ; Crooke
v. Brooking, 2 Vern. 50, 107 ; Smith
v. Attersoll, 1 Russ. 266; Podmore v.
Gunning, 7 Sim. 644. Other cases are
not uncommonly referred to, but