Сн. ХІІІ .
*261

SURVIVORSHIP OF THE TRUST.

If the trustees sever, the extra costs thereby occasioned must be borne by the defaulting party (f) .

It is conceived that this rule,
so strictly observed in Court, must not be lost sight of in transactions out of Court, and that co-trustees are bound,
unless they can show good reason to the contrary, to act by the same solicitor and the * same counsel.
It [*261]
would be a strange anomaly if four trustees were
allowed only one solicitor and one counsel in Court, and
four separate solicitors and four separate counsel out of
Court.
Every trustee should be prepared to act in harmony
with his co-trustees, or he should not accept the office.

It may be said that as each trustee is responsible for the due administration of the trust,
he ought to be at liberty to employ a professional adviser of his own choosing, but this argument would a fortiori apply
to so important a matter as the defence of a suit, and yet there the Court pays no attention to it.

Fourthly. On the death of one trustee the joint office survives.1

1. Survivorship of the trust.- It is a well-known maxim that a bare authority committed to several persons is determined by
the death of any one ; but, if coupled with an interest, it passes to the survivors (a) .
Thus, the committees of a lunatic's estate are regarded in the light of mere bailiffs [(f) If one of the trustees be a
defaulter or indebted to the trust
estate, the other trustees will be justified in severing from him, Smith v.
Dale, 18 Ch . D. 516, 518.]
(a) Co. Lit. 113 a, 181 b; Butler
v. Bray, Dyer, 189 b; Attorney-General v. Gleg, 1 Atk. 356; S. C. Amb .
584; Goulds . 2, pl. 4; Peyton v . Bury,
2 P. W. 628 ; Mansell v. Vaughan,
"Wilm.49; Eyre v . Countess of Shaftesbury, 2 P. W. 108, 121, 124.
[In the
case of executorships and trusts constituted after or created by instruments coming into operation after the
31st Dec. 1881, 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s.
38, provides that a power or trust
given to two or more executors or
trustees jointly, may, subject to any
direction to the contrary, be exercised
or performed by the survivor or survivors for the time being .]
1 A naked authority ceases at the death of the one having it, but if coupled with an interest,
as in the case of co-trustees, it survives ; Gregg v. Currier,
36 Ν. Η. 200 ; De Peyster v. Ferrers , 11 Paige, 13 ; Parsons v. Boyd, 20 Ala.
112; Aubuchon v. Lory, 23 Mo. 99 ; Moses v. Murgatroyd, 1 Johns . Ch. 119 ;
on the death of one co-trustee, the whole authority and power devolves upon
the survivor; Golder v . Bressler, 105 Ill. 419; Nichols v. Campbell, 10 Gratt.
560.