CH. XVII . S. 4.

*421

bers to inquire what proportion of the rents ought to be
impounded, and what to be paid to the tenant for life.

7. Mines and timber .
In Offley v. Offley (f) a term was
created for raising 10,000l. for a daughter's portion, but the
term was so short that the ordinary profits of the land would
not raise above half the sum.
There was an open coal mine
in the land which the Court ordered to be wrought, with
powers to the trustees to make soughs and drains as need
should require, and Lord Commissioner Hutchins said that
in such a case where the usual profits of the land would not
raise the money appointed within the time, the Court might
order timber to be felled off the land to make up the amount.

8. Out of rents by fixed annual payments.- If the trusts
of a term be to " raise and levy from time to time
*
a sum certain, by with and out of the rents and [*421]
profits, by certain annual payments or sums in each
year and not otherwise," the portional sum to be raised is a
charge on the annual rents and profits generally, and the
estate is not discharged at the expiration of sixyears, though
the rents and profits during that period were sufficient to
raise it (a) .

9. Mortgage
of undivided shares of the estate. - Where
portions are raisable at different times as they are wanted, it
is usual, as each portion is raised, not to mortgage the entire
estate charged, but a proportional part only.
Thus if the
proportional sum be 6,000l. divisible among three younger
children, and secured by a term of 1,000 years, when the
first 2,000l. is raised, the trustee of the term mortgages an
undivided third part of the hereditaments comprised in the
term, and when the second 2,000l. is raised, another undivided third part, and when the remaining 2,000l. is raised,
the other individed third part.
The result of this is, that
each mortgage takes the legal estate in the subject of the
mortgage, whereas if the entire estate had been comprised in
the first mortgage, the two other securities would have been
equitable, and exposed to all the consequent risks.

10. Custody of title deeds.- Trustees of a term of years

(f) Pr. Ch. 26.
(a) Re Forster's Estate. 4 I. R.
Eq. 152.
571