*213
ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.
[CH. XII . S. 1 .
The following rules of construction have been adopted by
the Courts in reference to this branch of our subject in the case of wills, and, except so far as they are controlled
[*213] by the positive * enactments of the late Wills Act (a),
must still be resorted to for guidance.
First, Wherever a trust is created, a legal estate
sufficient
for the execution of the trust shall, if possible, be implied :
Secondly, The legal estate limited to the trustee shall not be
carried farther than the complete execution of the trust necessarily requires .
First. As to the former rule .
1. Legal estate supplied in toto on account of the trust.The Court has in some instances supplied the estate in toto ;
as where a testator devised to a feme covert the issues and
profits of certain lands to be paid by his executors, and it was
held that the land itself was devised to the executors in trust
to receive the rents and profits and apply them to the use of
the wife (b) .
(a) 1 Vict. c. 26, ss. 30, 31.
(b) Bush v. Allen, 5 Mod.63 ; Doe
v. Homfray, 6 Ad. & Ell. 206 ; and
see Oates v . Cooke, 3 Burr. 1684; Sir
W. Black, 543; Doe v. Woodhouse,
4 T. R. 89 ; Murphy v. Donnelly, 4 I.
R. Eq . 111 ; Stevenson v . Mayor of
Liverpool, 10 L. R. Q. B. 81 ; [Davies
to Jones, 24 Ch . D. 190.]
Holmes, 4 Rich. Eq. 475 ; McBride v. Smyth, 59 Pa. St. 245; but see McElroy
v. McElroy, 113 Mass. 509; Watkins v. Specht, 7 Cold. 585.
An executor sometimes receives the legal title as trustee, though there are
no words to that effect, it being necessary in order to carry out the directions
of the testator; Freedley's App. 60 Pa. St. 349 ; as power to repair and rent;
Kellim v. Allen, 52 Barb. 605.
If the word " heirs " is omitted, the court will, if necessary, extend the
estate so that the donor's intentions may not be defeated; Cleveland v. Hallett, 6 Cush. 407 ; Hawkins v . Chapman, 36 Md. 94; Webster v. Cooper, 14
How. 499 ; Jackson v. Robins, 16 Johns . 537 ; Kirkland v. Cox, 94 III. 402 ;
North v. Philbrook, 34 Me. 537; a power of appointment will neither increase
nor diminish the estate ; Burleigh v. Clough, 52 N. H. 267 ; Yarnall's App .,
70 Pa. St. 342; the quantum of the estate is the same whether created by
deed or will ; Watkins v. Specht, 7 Cold. 585; Attorney-Gen. v. Meeting
House, 3 Gray, 1 ; King v. Parker, 9 Cush. 71 ; Welch v . Allen, 21 Wend. 147 ;
Wright v. Delafield, 23 Barb . 498.
As soon as an active trust ceases to be active, the statute will execute it in
the cestui que trust, and this is not diminishing the estate, but simply following the provisions of the statute; Parker v. Converse, 5 Gray, 336; Vallette
v. Bennett, 69 Ill. 632 ; Greenwood v. Coleman, 34 Ala. 150; Churchill v.
Corker, 25 Ga. 479; Stokes' App. 80 Pa. St. 337 ; Lynch v. Swayne, 83 III.
336; but see Read v. Power, 12 R. I. 16 ; Kirkland v . Cox, 94 111. 402.
294