*306

[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.

But the case from which this dictum is taken has been called by Lord Eldon, "a curious document in the history of trusts" (b) ; and certainly it is now indisputably settled that a trustee cannot lend on personal security (c).

Lord Hardwicke said, "A promissory note is evidence of a debt, but no security for it" (d).

(a) Harden v. Parsons, 1 Eden, 148.

(b) Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 62.

(c) Adye v. Feuilleteau, 1 Cox, 24; Darke v. Martyn, 1 Beav. 525; Holmes v. Dring, 2 Cox, 1; Terry v. Terry, Pr. Ch. 273; Ryder v. Bickerston, cited Harden v. Parsons, 1 Eden, 149, note (a), and more fully Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 80, note (a); Vigrass v. Binfield, 3 Mad. 62; Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 63; Anon. case, Lofft, 492; Keble v. Thompson, 3 B. C. C. 112; Wilkes v. Steward, G. Coop. 6; Clough v. Bond, 3 M. & Cr. 496; per Cur.; and see Pocock v. Reddington, 5 Ves. 799; Collis v. Collis, 2 Sim. 365; Blackwood v. Borrowes, 2 Conn. & Laws. 477; Watts v. Girdlestone, 6 Beav. 188; Ex parte Geaves, 8 De G. M. & G. 291.

(d) Ryder v. Bickerton, cited Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 81, note (a).

Takings and investments must be made with the consent of all cestuis que trust; Deaderick v. Cantrell, 10 Yerg. 263; University v. Clay, 2 B. Mon. 385; Lamb's App. 58 Pa. St. 142; as they are opposed to changes except for good cause shown; Plympton v. Plympton, 6 Allen, 178; Murray v. Feinour, 2 Md. Ch. 418; if trustees invest with the assent or at the request of the cestui que trust, they are not liable for any loss; Poole v. Munday, 103 Mass. 174; Clermontel's Est. 12 Phila. (Pa.) 139; this is not true if the cestui que trust is incapable or under a disability; Kent v. Plumb, 57 Ga. 207; Barton's Est. 1 Pars. Eq. 24; except in case of a married woman, having property to her sole and separate use; Sherman v. Parish, 53 N. Y. 483; and acquainted with the facts and her legal rights; Adair v. Brimmer, 74 N. Y. 539.

Taking a second mortgage as security is not per se evidence of negligence; Nance v. Nance, 1 S. C. 209; Clark v. Railroad Co., 58 How. Pr. 21; for rule as to measure of care required, see 6 Abb. new cases, 447; a loan by a trustee of a married woman to her husband without security is a breach of trust; Dunn v. Dunn, 1 S. C. 350.

If the property is not in proper securities, the trustee should sell and reinvest; Goodwin v. Howe, 62 How. Pr. 134; the trustee is liable for receiving improper securities from his predecessor, and for want of care in investing in government bonds and real estate; Mills v. Hoffman, 26 Hun, 594.

The guardian ad litem of an infant has no authority after the object of a suit has been accomplished to act for the infant in the investment of his funds; Dix v. Jarman, 1 Chy. Chamb. 38; public securities do not include municipal debentures; Ewart v. Gordon, 13 Chy. 40; a trustee may not invest in bank stock, unless the trustee, being competent, gives his assent; Harrison v. Harrison, 14 Chy. 586; trustees may erect a new building if in their judgment it will be profitable; Re Henderson's Trusts, 23 Chy. 45; Smith v. Smith, 23 Chy. 114.

See also Smith v. Rowe, 11 Chy. 411; Wiard v. Gable, 8 Chy. 458; Cameron v. Bethune, 15 Chy. 486; Patterson v. Lailey, 18 Chy. 13; Baldwin v. Crawford, 2 Chy. Chamb. 9; Goodfellow v. Robertson, 18 Chy. 572.

426