*365
[Сн. XV.
RENEWAL OF LEASES .
testator had devised a college lease of twenty-one years to
his wife for life, remainder to her son, she paying 10l. per
annum to her son during her life ; it was ruled, that, as the
testator contemplated the continuance of the lease during the
life of the wife, she was bound to renew.
These, however,
were cases accompanied with special circumstances.
It has
since been decided by Lord Plunket, in Ireland, that a settlement with the mere interposition of a trustee does not impose
an obligation to renew (f) .
3.
Whether implied in a marriage settlement.
Where leaseholds of this kind are made the subject of a marriage settlement, it may be argued, that as the parents and issue who
have any interest given them are purchasers for value, the
enjoyment of the tenant for life should be consistent with that
of the other subsequent takers.
But in Lawrence v. Maggs (g), the case of * a marriage settlement with
trustees interposed, but without any mention of renewals, Lord Northington was apparently of opinion that
the tenant for life was not bound to renew.
4. Implied
in
articles
for a settlement.
If renewable leaseholds upon marriage be articled to be settled, the Court
will, in executing the settlement, insert the proper direction
for renewals .
This, it seems, was directly determined in
Graham v. Lord Londonderry (a) : and the case of Lawrence
v. Maggs, before Lord Northington, was cited before Lord
Thurlow in Pickering v. Vowles (b), as establishing the
same doctrine ; but it appears by the report taken from
Lord Northington's own MS. that the Bar were mistaken in
(f) O'Ferrall v. O'Ferrall, Ll . &
G. Rep. temp. Plunket, 79.
In Trench
v. St. George, 1 Dru. & Walsh, 417,
before the same Judge, it is not clear
whether his Lordship did or not consider the will as creating an obligation to renew, but it would rather
appear that he did.
The remainderman was held not liable to contribute
towards the renewal fines in favour of
the tenant for life, except as respected
certain fines
paid
subsequently to
1819, as to which the remainderman
submitted to
contribute.
See pp.
454-456.
(g) 1 Eden, 453.
Search has been
made for this case in R. L. through
several years, but the decree has not
been found.
See Lord Montfort v.
Cadogan, 17 Ves. 488, S. C. 19 Ves .
638; Trench v. St. George, 1 Dru . &
Walsh, 417.
(a) Cited Stone v. Theed, 2 В. С.
C. 246.
(b) 1 В. С. C. 197.
The cause
does not appear in R. L.
502