CH. XXII .]
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS.
*570
for life extend to a married woman entitled to property as
her separate estate or as a feme sole, and this brings the case
of an infant married woman so entitled within sect. 60, and
her powers can during infancy be exercised by the trustees
of the settlement.
But if the married woman is an infant
married to a man of full age, and the property does not belong to her as her separate property or as a feme sole, a question arises whether the powers of the Act can be exercised
during her infancy.
For in that case, by sub-sect. (4) of
sect. 61, the provisions of the Act referring to a tenant for life extend to * the married woman and her [*570]
husband together, and as she and her husband together have the powers of a tenant for life, the case does not
seem to fall within sect. 60, which applies only where the
person having the powers is an infant. The case put appears
to be a casus omissus from the Act.
32.
Trust
or
direction
for
sale.- Where the settlement
contains a trust or direction for the sale of the property, the
rights and powers of the trustees and tenant for life stand
upon a different footing, and are governed by the independent enactment contained in the 63d section (a).
The construction of this section is somewhat obscure, and the extent
to which the powers of trustees were affected by it was a
question of grave difficulty ; but by the Settled Land Act,
1884, the powers given by the 63d section of the Act of 1882
to tenants for life or other persons having limited interests
are not to be exercised without the leave of the Court, which
leave is to be given by order naming the persons to exercise
the powers, and until such an order is made and registered
as a lis pendens, it seems clear that the trustees may execute
all trusts and powers reposed in them by the settlement as if
the Settled Land Acts had not been passed, while after an
order has been made and registered and so long as it remains
in force the powers of the trustees are suspended, so far as
relates to any purpose for which leave is given by the order
to exercise a power conferred by the Act of 1882.
Under
(a) As to this section and the extent to which the powers given by
the settlement to trustees are affected
by it and the Settled Land Act, 1884,
see Chap. xxiii. s. 2, v.
771