*565
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS.
[CE. XXII
money may also be applied in discharge of any charge
created on a holding under the Act in respect of any such
improvement as aforesaid, as in discharge of an incumbrance
authorised by the Settled Land Act tobe discharged out of
such capital money.
18. Subject to direction of tenant for life. -By sect. 22,
sub-sect. (1) , capital money arising under the Act is to be
paid either to the trustees of the settlement or into Court.
at the option of the tenant for life, and is to be invested or
applied by the trustees, or under the direction of the Court,
as the case may be accordingly.
Sub-sect. (2) . The investment or other applicationby the
trustees is to be made according to the direction of the
tenant for life, and in default thereof, according to the direction of the trustees, but in the last-mentioned case subject to
any consent required or direction given by the settlement
with respect to the investment or other application by the
trustees of the trust money of the settlement ; and any investment is to be in the names or under the control of the trustees .
Sub-sect . (3) . The investment or other application under
the direction of the Court is to be made on the application
of the tenant for life, or of the trustees .
Sub-sect. (4). Any investment or other application is not
during the life of the tenant for life to be altered without
his consent.
Sub-sect. (5) . Capital money arising under the Act, and
the securities arising from the investment thereof, are for all
purposes of disposition, transmission, and devolution, to be
considered as land, and to be held and go accordingly .
Sub-sect. (6) . The income of the securities is to be paid
or applied as the income of the land, if not disposed of,
would have been payable or applicable under the settlement.
Sub-sect . (7) . The securities may be converted into money,
which is to be capital money arising under the Act