*285
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.

[CH. XIII.]

[*285] entered upon the lands, and having applied the * rents
to the trust, but never having been admitted, and
the heir of B. filed a bill against the lord for compelling him
to grant him admission, Lord Loughborough said, " If a man
has got the legal estate, the Court will not take it from him,
except for some person who has a claim ; but does it follow
that the Court will give him the legal estate (a) .
[But a
Court of law will grant a mandamus to the lord to admit
the heir of the trustee (b), and prior to the late Act the heir
when admitted was entitled to hold the lands for his own
benefit (c) .]

24. If cestui que trust die without next of kin, the trust
chattel goes to the Crown.- If a cestui que trust of chattels ,
whether real or personal, die intestate, without leaving any
next of kin, the beneficial interest will not, in this case,
remain with the trustee, but like all other bona vacantia will
vest in the Crown by the prerogative (d).
And the result
will be the same where the cestui que trust, though not dying
absolutely intestate, has appointed an executor, who by the
language of the will itself is excluded from any beneficial
interest (e) .
But an executor not expressly made a trustee
by the will, was, before the Act of William IV. (f), entitled
primâ facie to the surplus for his own benefit, and that statute it is conceived has converted him into a trustee for the
next of kin only, and has not altered the old law, as between
him and the Crown, in case there be no next of kin (g) .

25. Trustee cannot set up title adverse to cestui que trust.
A trustee is, under no circumstances, allowed to set up a

(a) Williams v. Lord Lonsdale, 3 Ves . 752, see 756, 757.

[(b) Rex v. Coggan, 6 East, 431.]

[(c) Gallard v . Hawkins, 27 Ch.
D. 298.
See now 47 & 48 Vict. c. 71,
s. 4.]

(d) If the intestate leave a widow
and no next of kin the Crown takes a
moiety of the personal estate; Cave
v. Roberts , 8 Sim . 214.

(e) Middleton v . Spicer, 1 В. С. С.
201; Taylor v. Haygarth, 14 Sim . 8 ;
Russell v. Clowes, 2 Coll. 648 ; Powell
v. Merrett, 1 Sm . & G. 381 ; Cradock
v. Owen, 2 Sm. & G. 241 ; Read v.
Stedman, 26 Beav. 495; [Dillon v,
Reilly , 9 L. R. Ir. 57 ; Re Mary Hudson's Trusts , 52, L. J. N. S. Ch. 789 ;
and see Re Gosman, 15 Ch . D. 67.]

The foregoing were all cases of failure of next of kin of the author of
the trust, but the principle of the
decisions applies equally.

(f) 11 G. 4 & 1 W. 4, c. 40.

(g) See ante, p. 61; [so now decided Re Knowles, 49 L. J. N. S. Ch.
625.]

396