LEASES OF CHARITY LANDS .
52. Under-value must be fraudulent to render the lease impeachable.- In considering the question of value it must be
remembered that the case of a charity estate is one in which
of all others, the security of the rent is the first point to be
regarded, and therefore the inadequacy of the amount reserved is less a badge of fraud in this than it would be in
almost any other instance (b).
And Lord Eldon desired it
might not be considered to be his opinion that a tenant
who had got a lease of charity lands at too low a rate
with reference to the actual value was therefore
to be
turned out, if it appeared he had himself acted fairly and
honestly.
The only ground for so dealing with him would
be some evidence or presumption of collusion or corruption
of motive (c) .
53. Compensation for the under-value.-When leases are
set aside for under-value and the Court awards a compensation to the charity for the loss which has been sustained by
the charity through the collusion of the trustees and the
tenant, the burden will fall upon the trustees or the tenant
according to the circumstances of the case (d).
For whatever length of time renewals of leases of charity lands upon
payment of fines certain may have been granted, and though
in pursuance of a scheme settled by the Courts, the tenants
have gained no right, and cannot insist upon any further
renewals (e) .
But if money has been laid out in improvements upon the faith of renewals, and the lessees have not
been recouped their outlay by any subsequent enjoyment of
the property, the Court, in the charity scheme, will have
regard to their claims (f) .
54. Unreasonable extent of the lease. -A lease of charity
lands may also be invalidated on the ground of the unreasonable extent of the term.
The duration of the lease should be
such only as is consistent with the fair and provident manney-General v. Greenhill, 33 Beav.
193.
(b) Ex parte Skinner, 2 Mer. 457,
per Lord Eldon.
(c) Ex parte Skinner, 2 Mer. 457.
(d) See Duke, 116; Poor of Yervel v. Sutton, Id. 45; Attorney-General v . Mayor of Stamford, 2 Sw. 592,
per Cur.; Attorney-General v. Dixie,
13 Ves . 540 ; Rowe v. Almsmen of
Tavistock, Duke, 42.
(e) Attorney-General v. St. John's
Hospital, 1 L. R. Ch. App . 92.
(f) S. C.
739