*294
GETTING IN THE TRUST ESTATE.
[CH. XIV. S. 1.
700l., and then assigned it to a trustee to pay 400l. to one,
and 300l. to another, without an express power of signing
receipts, and a bonus of 331. was added to the policy, and the
insurer being dead without a personal representative, and
one of the cestuis que trust being also dead without a sufficient personal representative, and the other cestui que trust
being in America, the company instituted an interpleader
suit,
the Lord Chancellor of Ireland laid down the same
distinction as the Master of the Rolls between a personal
debt and money arising out of real estate, and held that the
trustee could sign a discharge, and that the interpleader suit
could not be sustained.
The decision of the Lord Chancellor may have been correct, for the circumstance of one
cestui que trust being abroad, and the other dead without a
personal representative, as was also the insurer himself, may
have justified the company in paying to the trustee; but the
suggested distinction between pure personalty and money
raised out of realty, until adopted by the English Courts,
cannot be relied upon.
9. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35.-By a late Act it is declared that
where " purchase or mortgage money shall be payable to a
person upon any express or implied trust," and the payment
is made bonâ fide, the receipt of the trustee " shall effectually
discharge the person paying the same, unless the contrary
shall be expressly declared by the instrument creating the
trust " (c) .
It seems the better opinion that the clause
applies only to trusts created since the Act, viz. 13th August,
1859, for how can a person expressly declare that an Act
shall not apply when the Act itself does not exist ?
10. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145. – By a more recent Act (d), the
receipts of trustees for any money generally payable to them
under any trust or power created by a deed, will or other
instrument executed after 28th August, 1860, were made sufficient discharges (e) .
[11. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.- By a still more recent
[*294] Act, which has repealed the last * enactment (a),
(c) 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 23.
(e) As to the doctrine of receipts
(d) 23 & 24 Vict. c.145, ss. 29, 34 ;
generally, see post, ch. xviii. s. 2.
and see s . 12 .
[(a) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 71.]