*204
[Сн. ХІ.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRUST .
untary interference with the subject-matter will convert a
person into a trustee, must be taken with this qualification,
that the interference is not such as to be plainly referable to
some other ground than the part execution of the trust (f) .
9. Trustee may not act ambiguously, and then disclaim.- If
a trustee act ambiguously he cannot afterwards take advantage of the doubt, and say he acted not as trustee, but in
some other character (g) .
10. Case of executorship clothed with a trust.- If the office
of executor be, by the will, clothed with certain trusts, a person named as executor who proves the will and thereby
makes himself executor, is held to draw upon himself the
obligations knit to the office of trustee.
Thus, if a
[*204] testator direct that his executors shall get in certain outstanding effects to be applied to a particular
purpose, a person cannot make himself executor by proving
the will, and refuse the trust (a) .
11.
Where the executor is also named as devisee upon trust. -And if an executor be also designated trustee of the real
estate, and he acts as executor, he is deemed to have accepted
the entire trusteeship (b) .
12. Two trusts in same instrument.-And if a person, by
the same instrument, be nominated trustee of two distinct
trusts, he cannot divide them : but if he accept the one, he
will be taken to have accepted the other (c).
However,
these are the doctrines in a court of equity only, for at law
an executor may accept that office and yet disclaim the
devise to him of a legal estate (d) .
13. Taking custody of trust-deed not an acceptance of trust.
-Where a person was named as a trustee in a settlement,
but he did not execute it, and declined to act, he was held
(f) Stacey v. Elph , 1 Μ. & Κ.
195; and see Dove v. Everard, 1 R.
& M. 281 ; S. C. Taml. 376 ; Lowry
v. Fulton, 9 Sim . 115.
(g) Conyngham v. Conyngham, 1
Ves . 522; Montgomery v. Johnson,
11 Ir. Eq. Rep. 476; see Lowry v.
Fulton, 9 Sim. 115; Doe v. Harris,
16 M. & W. 517.
(a) Mucklow v. Fuller, Jac. 198 ;
and see Booth v. Booth, 1 Beav. 125 ;
Williams v. Nixon, 2 Beav. 472.
702.
(b) Ward v. Butler, 2 Moll . 533 .
(c) Urch ข. Walker, 3 M. & Cr.
(d) Lord Wellesley v. Withers, 4
Ell. & Bl. 750; and see Bence v. Gilpin, 3 L. R. Ex. 82.