CH. XII. S. 2.] 
*242
BANKRUPTCY OF TRUSTEES .
in his character of trustee has become so amalgamated with
his general property that it can no longer be identified, the
representative of the trust has then no other remedy but
to come in as a general creditor and prove for the
amount of the loss (i).
But, in one case, though * the [*242]
trust money had got into the general fund, it was
held, but under very particular circumstances, to have
subsequently got out again (a) .
12. Case of a bankrupt trustee having a beneficial interest . —
As a general rule, where the bankrupt has a substantial
beneficial interest, however small, in property legally vested
in him, such property passes to the creditors' trustee, who
takes as trustee for the creditors and other parties interested (b) .
It is conceived, however, that the rule would not
apply to a case where a bankrupt is expressly a trustee,
though he may himself have some partial beneficial interest,
for his act ought not to work a prejudice to others, and as a
conveyance by the bankrupt himself to a stranger would be
a breach of trust, it can hardly be supposed that the Bankrupt Act could be construed to have a similar tortious
effect (c) .
Where the trust is constructive and the equity
doubtful, the Court has sometimes directed the creditors'
trustee to concur in conveying (d).
And where the legal
property passes, the cestuis que trust may have the same
relief in equity against the creditors' trustee, as they would
have been entitled to against the bankrupt himself (e) .
(i) Ex parte Dumas, 1 Atk. 234 ;
per Lord Hardwicke; Ryall v. Rolle,
1 Atk. 172, per Burnet, J.; Scott v.
Surman, Willes, 403, 404, per Willes,
C. J.; [Ex parte Dale and Co., 11 Ch.
D. 772; and see Re Hallett's Estate,
13 Ch . D. 696.]
(a) Ex parte Sayers, 5 Ves. 169.
(b) Carpenter v. Marnell, 3 B. &
P. 40; Parnham v. Hurst, 8 M. & W.
743; Leslie v. Guthrie, 1 Bing. N. C.
697; D'Arnay v . Chesneau, 13 M. &
W. 809.
See Boddington v. Castelli,
1 Ell . & Bl . 879.
(c) See Faussett v . Carpenter, cited
ante, p. 226, as to the effect of a conveyance expressed in general words
upon a trust estate.
(d) Bennet v . Davis, 2 P. W. 316 ;
Taylor v. Wheeler, 2 Vern. 564 ; Ex
parte Gennys, Mont. & Mac. 258 .
(e) Bennet v. Davis, 2 P. W. 316 ;
Taylor v . Wheeler, 2 Vern. 564; Mitford v. Mitford, 9 Ves. 100, per Sir
W. Grant ; Ex parte Dumas, 2 Ves .
585, per Lord Hardwicke ; Hinton v.
Hinton, 2 Ves. 633, per eundem ;
Grant v . Mills, 2 V. & B. 309, per Sir
W. Grant; Jones v. Mossop, 3 Hare,
572, per Sir J. Wigram; Tyrrell v.
Hope, 2 Atk. 558 ; Bowles v. Rogers ,
6Ves .95, note (a) ; Exparte Hansom,
333