*290
GETTING IN THE TRUST ESTATE.
[CH. XIV. S. 1.
the trustees had an absolute discretion to sell and convert
the testator's shares in a Banking Company " at such time or
times as they might think proper," they were held not to be
liable for retaining the testator's shares beyond a year from
his decease, but were made liable for other new shares in
the bank which they had purchased themselves (a) .
[Absolute discretion. -And where an absolute discretion
is given to the trustees to postpone the sale and conversion
of the estate, they are not bound by the ordinary rule to
convert the property within a year, even although it consists
of shares in companies with unlimited liability, and in the
absence of mala fides they will not be responsible for losses
arising to the estate from the non-conversion (b) .
4. Retaining investments for infants in specie.
Where it is
for the benefit of infants to retain investments which are not
authorized by the terms of the trust, the Court has a discretion to allow such retainer.
The Court, however, will not
exercise this discretion unless special
circumstances are
shown to exist, and the mere fact that the unauthorized
securities are such as are authorized by § 21 of the Settled
Land Act, 1882, and that a loss of income would be caused
by a conversion, will not induce the Court to allow the
securities to be retained (c) .]
5. Personal security. - An executor is not to allow the
assets of the testator to remain outstanding upon personal
security (d) , though the debt was a loan by the testator
himself on what he considered an eligible investment (e) .
And it will not justify the executor, if he merely apply for
payment through his attorney, but do not follow it up by
(a) Edwards v. Edmunds, 34 L. T.
N. S. 522.
[(b) Re Norrington, 13 Ch . D.
654.]
[(c) Fox v . Dolby, W. N. 1883, p .
29.]
(d) Lowson
v. Copeland, 2 B.
C. C. 156 ; Caney v. Bond, 6 Beav.
486; Bailey v. Gould, 4 Y. & C. 221;
and see Attorney-General v. Higham,
2 Y. & C. C. C. 634 ; where the chose
en action is recoverable only in equity,
a cestui que trust may take
active
steps for getting it in, and as to the
effect of cestui que trust's laches in
this respect see Paddon v. Richardson, 7 De G. M. & G. 563 ; Horton
v. Brocklehurst (No. 2), 29 Beav.
511.
(e) Powell v . Evans, 5 Ves . 839 ;
Bullock v. Wheatley, 1 Coll. 130; and
see Tebbs v . Carpenter, 1 Mad . 298;
Clough v. Bond, 3 M. & Cr. 496.
402