*162
PURCHASES IN NAMES OF STRANGERS .
[CH. IX. S. 2.
[*162]
* (III.) Exceptions from the foregoing rules.-But
even in the case of charity, if the settlor do not give
the land, or the whole rents of the land, but, noticing the
property to be of a certain value, appropriates part only to
the charity, the residue will then, according to the circumstances of the case, either result to the heir-at-law (a) , or
will belong to the donee of the property subject to the
charge, if the donee be (as in the case of a charitable corporation) itself an object of charity (b).
The doctrine in favour of charities established before trusts
were settled.- The exceptions we have noticed were established at an early period, when the doctrine of resulting
trusts was imperfectly understood (c) .
The interest of the
heir was shut entirely out of sight, and the question was
viewed as between the charity and the trustee (d).
Were
the subject still unprejudiced by authority, there is little
doubt but the Court would, at the present day, follow the
general principle, and hold a trust to result (e) .
SECTION II.
OF RESULTING TRUSTS UPON PURCHASES IN THE NAMES OF THIRD
PERSONS .
Purchases of this kind are governed by different rules,
according to the relation which subsists at the time between
the parties. See Attorney-General v . Smythies, 2 R. & M. 717 ; Attorney-General v.
Drapers'
Company, 6 Beav .
382 ;
Attorney-General v. Jesus
College,
29 Beav. 163.
The additional benefit
is not always distributed amongst the
different objects of the charity ratably, but the Court exercises a discretion as to the proportions, AttorneyGeneral v. Marchant, 3 L. R. Eq. 424.
(a) See Attorney-General v. Mayor of Bristol, 2 J. & W. 308 .
(b) Attorney-General v. Beverley,6
H. L. Cas . 310; Attorney-General v .
Southmolton, 5 H. L. Cas . 1; Attorney-General v.
Trinity
College, 24
Beav . 383 ; Attorney-General v . Dean
of Windsor, 24 Beav. 679; affirmed
in D. P. 8 H.L. Cas. 369 ; AttorneyGeneral v. Sidney Sussex College, 4
L. R. Ch. App . 722 ; Attorney-General v. Wax Chandlers' Company, 8
L. R. Eq. 452 ; 5 L. R. Ch . App. 503 ;
6 L. R. H. L. 1; and see AttorneyGeneral v . Mercers' Company, 22 L.
T. N. S. 222, 18 W. R. 448 ; Merchant
Taylors' Company v. Attorney-General, 11 L. R. Eq. 35 ; affirmed, 6
L. R. Ch . App. 512.
(c) Attorney-General v. Johnson,
Amb. 190, per Lord Hardwicke ; Attorney-General v. Mayor of Bristol,
2 J. & W. 307, per Lord Eldon .
(d) See Thetford School case, 8
Rep. 130.
(e) See Attorney-General v. Mayor of Bristol, 2 J. & W. 307.