CH. IX. S. 1.

*149
RESULTING TRUSTS .

no pretence for claiming the beneficial ownership, when, by
the express language of the instrument, the whole property
has been impressed with a trust.

17.
" Trust " and " trustee," do not necessarily exclude a beneficial gift.
Although the introduction of the words " upon
trust" may be strong evidence of the intention not to confer
on the devisee a beneficial interest (h), yet that construction
may be negatived by the context, or the general
scope of the instrument (i) ; and in * like manner [*149]
the devisee may be designated as " trustee," but the
expression may be explained away ; as, for instance, if the
term be used with reference to one only of two funds, the
devisee may still establish his title to the beneficial interest
in the other (a) .
On the other hand there may be a total
absence of the word "trust" or " trustee " throughout the
whole will, and yet the Court may collect an intention that
the devisee or legatee should be a trustee, as where there is
a direction that the devisee shall be allowed all his costs and
expenses, which would be without meaning if he took beneficially (b) .

18.
Parol evidence. - Where a trust results to the settlor
or his representative, not by presumption of law, but by force
of the written instrument, the trustee is not at liberty to
defeat the resulting trust by the production of extrinsic evidence by parol (c) .

19. General observations as to resulting trusts.-Having
distinguished between the two kinds of resulting trusts (a
classification necessary to be made for the purpose of ascertaining the admissibility of parol evidence), we proceed to
introduce a few remarks applicable to resulting trusts generally, whether arising by presumption of law, or from the language of the instrument.
(h) See Hill v. Bishop of London,
1 Atk. 620; Woollett v. Harris , 5
Mad. 452.
(i) Dawson v . Clarke, 15 Ves. 409 ;
S. C. 18 Ves. 247, see 257; Coningham v. Mellish, Pr. Ch. 31 ; Cook v.
Hutchinson, 1 Keen, 42 ; Hughes v.
Evans , 13 Sim. 496.
(a) Batteley v. Windle, 2 B. С. С.
31 ; Pratt v. Sladden, 14 Ves. 193 ;
and see Gibbs v. Rumsey, 2 V. & B.
294.
(b) Saltmarsh v. Barrett, 29 Beav .
474; 3 De G. F. & J. 279.
(c) See Langham v. Sanford, 17
Ves. 442; S. C. 19 Ves . 643 ; Rachfield v . Careless, 2 P. W. 158; Gladding v. Yapp, 5 Mad. 59; White v.