CH. XII. S. 1.]
ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.
*212
quently the case of Doe v. Biggs had no application, and the
legal estate remained in the trustees (d) .]

II. Of the quantity of legal estate taken by the trustee
with reference to the object and scope of the trust.

1. General rules - As legal limitations are properly cognisable by a common-law court, it might be supposed that the
construction put upon the instrument would stand wholly
unaffected by the engraftment of a trust.
But as the effect
of the instrument is to be ruled by the intention, and as
every person in limiting an estate to a trustee must be
guided by the equity he proposes to raise upon it, the Courts
as well of common law as of equity, and more particularly
in the case of wills, have entered upon a consideration of
the trust, in order to regulate within certain limits the extent of the legal interest by the scope and object of the
equitable (e) .

[(d) Re Tanqueray-Willaume and
Landau, 20 Ch. D. 465.]

(e) As to the cognisance of trusts
by a Court of law, see Sims v. Marryatt, 17 Q. B. 292 ; May v. Taylor, 6
Man. & Gr. 261 ; Walker v. Richardson, 2 M. & W. 891 .

Quantity of legal estate taken by trustee.- Trustees hold in some cases no
legal title, but merely a power of disposition; Burke v. Valentine, 52 Barb.
412; Shelton v. Homer, 5 Met. 462; Bank v. Beverly, 10 Pet. 532 ; Deering v.
Adams, 37 Me. 264; in case of execution by the Statute of uses, only that
estate passes which the trustee would take ; Baptist Soc. v. Hazen, 100 Mass.
322; Newhall v. Wheeler, 7 Mass. 189; and the word "heirs" should be
used; Henderson v. Hunter, 59 Pa. St. 335 ; but where the statute does not
affect the trust, the trustee will take an estate commensurate in extent
and duration with the object and extent of the trust; Doe v. Ladd, 77 Ala.
223; Sears v. Russell, 8 Gray, 86 , Zabriskie v. Railroad Co. 33 N. J. Eq.
22;
Schaffer v. Lavretta, 57 Ala. 14; Brailsford v. Heyward, 2 Desau. 290 ;
Gould v. Lamb, 11 Met. 84 ,
Fisher v. Fields, 10 Johns . 495; Richardson v.
Stodder, 100 Mass. 528; Newman v. Dotson, 57 Tex. 117.

"Wherever a trust
is created, a legal estate, sufficient for the purposes of the trust, shall, if possible, be implied in the trustee, whatever may be the limitation in the instrument, whether to him and his heirs or not"; Neilson v . Lagow, 12 How. 98 ;
Packard v. Marshall, 138 Mass . 301; West v. Fitz , 109 Ill. 425; Barkley v.
Dosser, 15 Lea (Tenn.) 529; Warner v . Sprigg, 62 Md. 14; Chamberlain v.
Thompson, 10 Conn. 244; Powell v. Glen, 21 Ala. 468; Gill v. Logan, 11 B.
Mon. 233 ; Webster v . Cooper, 14 How . 499.

"Although a legal estate may be limited to a trustee to the fullest extent,
as to him and his heirs, yet it shall not be carried farther than the complete
execution of the trust necessarily requires."
Norton v. Norton, 2 Sandf. 296 ;
Slevin v. Brown, 32 Mo. 176; Wilcox v. Wheeler, 47 N. H. 488 ; Williman v.
293