CH. XIV. S. 4.

*317

INVESTMENT.

[21. Indian Railway annuities.-By the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act, 1879 (6), certain annuities were authorized to be created for the purpose of carrying out the terms which had been agreed upon between the Secretary of State for India and the Railway Company, and by sect. 37 any trustee having power under the instrument constituting his trust to invest the trust funds in the shares or stock of any Indian railway the interest on which is guaranteed by the Secretary of the State, may invest such trust funds in the purchase of annuities of Class B thereby authorized to be created."

Under this section the Court has, upon
the application of a tenant for life, sanctioned the conversion into annuities of Class B. of Bank Annuities in (c).

22. Church trustees.- Church trustees incorporated under the Compulsory Church Rate Abolition Act, 1868, are by that Act empowered to invest any funds in their hands in Government or real securities (d) .

23. Trustee, if expressly empowered, may lend on personal security.
A trustee may lend even on personal security,
where he is expressly empowered to do so by the instrument
creating the trust (e).
But no such authority is communicated by a direction to place out the money at interest at the
trustee's discretion (f) , or on such good security as the trustee
can procure, and may think safe (g).
And if joint trustees
be empowered to lend on personal security, they may not lend
to one of themselves, for the settlor must be taken to rely
upon the united vigilance of all the trustees with respect to
the solvency of the borrower (h) : and trustees having a
power, with the consent of the tenant for life, to lend on * personal security, cannot lend on personal secu- [*317]

[(b) 42 & 43 Vict. c. CCVI.]
[(c) Re Mansel, 30 W. R. 133.]
[(d) 31 & 32 Vict. c. 109, s. 9.]
[(e) See Forbes v. Ross, 2 В. С. С.
430;
S. C. 2 Cox, 113 ;
Paddon v.
Richardson, 7 De G. M. & G. 563.]
(f) See Pocock v. Reddington, 5
Ves.794; Potts v . Britton, 11 L. R. Eq.
433; Bethell v. Abraham, 17 L. R.
Eq. 24.
(g) Wilkes v . Steward, G. Coop. 6 ;
Styles v. Guy, 1 Mac. & G. 422; Attorney-General v. Higham, 2 Y. & C.
C. C. 634; and see Mills v. Osborne,
7 Sim . 30; Westover v. Chapman, 1
Coll. 177.
(h) v. Walker, 5 Russ . 7 ;
and see Stickney v. Sewell; 1 M. &
Cr. 14; Westover v . Chapman, 1 Coll.
177.