* CHAPTER VII.
OF THE OBJECT PROPOSED BY THE TRUST .

[*84]
TRUSTS, with reference to their object, are Lawful or Unlawful : the former, such as are directed to some legitimate purpose ; the latter, such as are in contravention of the policy of the law.

SECTION I.
OF LAWFUL TRUSTS .
1. Intention. - The general and prima facie rule is, that
the intention of the settlor is to be carried into effect (a).

2. No objection to a trust because the legal estate cannot
be so dealt with.-If the object of the trust do not contravene the policy of the law, the mere circumstance that the same end cannot be effectuated by moulding the legal estate
is no argument that it cannot be accomplished through the medium of the equitable.
The common law has interwoven
with it many technical rules, the reason of which does not
appear, or at the present day does not apply ; but a trust is
a thing sui generis, and, where public policy is not disturbed,
will be executed by the Court.

3. Fee upon a fee.-In legal estates, for example, a fee
cannot, except by executory devise, be limited upon a fee that is, cannot be shifted from one person to another ; but
this modification of property was allowable in uses, and by
the statute of Hen. 8. has gained admittance into legal estates, and the shifting of the fee from one person to another
(a) Attorney-General
v. Sands,
Hard. 494, per Lord Hale; Pawlett v.
Attorney-General, ib. 469 ; Bacon on
Uses, 79; Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,
195, per Sir T. Clarke; and see Attorney-General v. Dedham School, 23
Beav. 355.

1 Wright v. Miller, 8 N. Y. 9 ; 59 Am. Dec. 438.
115