*613
CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS .
[CH. XXIII. S. 2.
IV. Of the control of
the Court over the exercise of
powers.
1. Control of the Court over arbitrary powers.-Where a
power is given to trustees to do, or not do, a particular
thing at their discretion, the Court has no jurisdiction to
lay a command or prohibition upon the trustees as to the
exercise of that power, provided their conduct be bonâ
fide, and their determination is not influenced by improper
motives (b) .
Pink v. De Thuisey.-Thus, in Pink v. De Thuisey (c), a
testatrix gave 1000l. to A. upon a condition precedent, but
left " her executor at liberty to give the said sum ifhe found
the thing proper " though the condition should not have been
performed.
A. died without having fufilled the condition or
received the money, and his personal representative filed a
bill against the executor of the testatrix to compel payment
of the legacy.
A. in his lifetime had applied for the money,
but the executor had not thought right to comply with the
request.
Sir T. Plumer, in dismissing the bill, observed,
" The executor says he did not think proper to advance the
legacy : is the Court to decide upon the propriety of the executor's withholding the legacy?
That would be assuming
an authority confided by the will to the discretion of the executor : it would be to make a will for the testatrix, instead
of expounding it."
2. Power with a duty.-But where the power is accompanied with a duty and meant to be exercised (as a power of
leasing) , the Court will compel the execution or execute it
(b) Thomas v. Dering, 1 Keen,729;
Re Eddowes, 1 Dr. & Sm. 395 ; Talbot v. Marshfield, 2 Dr. & Sm. 285;
French v. Davidson, 3 Mad. 396; Sillibourne v. Newport, 1 K. & J. 602;
Walker v . Walker, 5 Mad.424;Bankes
v. Le Despencer, 11 Sim. 527, per Sir
L.
Shadwell ;
Attorney-General
v .
Governors of Harrow School, 2 Ves .
551; Cowley v. Hartstonge, 1 Dow,
378, per Lord Eldon; Potter v. Chapman, Amb . 99, per Lord Hardwicke ;
Carr v . Bedford, 2 Ch. Rep. 146;
Wain v . Earl of Egmont, 3 M. & K.
445; Livesey v. Harding, Taml. 460;
Collins v. Vining, C. P. Coop. Rep.
1837-38, 472; Kekewich v. Marker,
3 Mac . & G. 326, per Lord Truro; Re
Coe's Trust, 4 K. & J. 199; Brophy
v . Bellamy , 8 L. R. Ch . App. 798;
[Gisborne v . Gisborne, 2 App. Cas .
300; Tabor v . Brooks , 10 Ch. D. 273 ;
Marquis Camden v. Murray, 16 Ch .
D. 161; Tempest v. Lord Camoys, 21
Ch. D. 571; Thomas v. Williams, 24
Ch . D. 558.]
(c) 2Mad. 157.
828