*467
[CH. XVIII. S. 2 .
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.
no operation at law but must be enforced in equity.
This
decision has been found much fault with.
The Master of
the Rolls said that before the case in the Exchequer he had
considered the law to be that a charge of debts gave the
executors an implied power of sale (d) ; for otherwise, it is
argued, in the case of a charge where the estate descends,
there can be no sale without the aid of the Court.
But this
does not appear to follow.
If a testator expressly direct that
his estate shall be sold (without naming the person), and the
fund is to be distributed in a way in which the executors
alone can distribute it, a power of sale is given to the executors by implication over the legal estate even in Courts of
law (e) .
By analogy to this, where there is no direction to
sell, but only a charge of debts, this last, though an umbra
in a Court of law, creates an equitable power of sale or mortgage in the view of a Court of Equity- i.e., the executor
may contract for the sale, and on the acceptance of the title
by the purchaser, the person in whom the legal estate is
vested will, as being a trustee for the executor, be compellable to convey as the executor directs, and if he refuses, the
legal estate may be vested in the purchaser by the aid of the
Trustee Acts (f) .
In Gosling v. Carter (g), Vice-Chancellor Knight Bruce declined to give an opinion whether a mere
charge of debts gave to the executors a power of sale either
at law or in equity, but would not compel a purchaser to take
the title from the executor without the concurrence of the
heir-at-law.
In Robinson v. Lowater (a) the legal estate was already in the purchaser,
so that the legal question did not arise, but it was held that
the executors had given the purchaser a good title.
In
Eidsforth v. Armstead (b), Vice-Chancellor Wood professed
(d) Robinson v. Lowater, 17 Beav. 601; and see Wrigley v. Sykes, 21
Beav. 337 ; Storry v. Walsh, 18 Beav. 568; Sabin v. Heape, 27 Beav. 553;
Hodkinson r. Quinn, 1 J. & H. 309 ;
Cook v. Dawson, 29 Beav. 123 ; 3 De
G. F. & J. 127; Greetham v. Colton,
34 Beav. 615; Hamilton v. Buckmaster, 12 Jur. N. S. 986 .
630; Tylden v. Hyde, 2 S. & S. 238;
Bentham v. Wiltshire, 4 Madd. 44.
(f) See Re Wise, 5 De G. & Sm .
415; Hodkinson v. Quinn, 1 J. & H.
303.
(g) 1 Coll . 650, 652.
(a) 17 Beav. 592 ; 5 De G. M. &
G. 272; and see Storry v. Walsh, 18
Beav. 568 .
(e) Forbes v. Peacock, 11 M. & W.
(b) 2 K. & J. 333.