*561
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
[CH. XXII.

desirous that capital money arising under the Act, shall be
applied in or towards payment for an improvement authorised by the Act (a), he may submit for approval to the
trustees of the settlement, or to the Court as the case may
require, a scheme for the execution of the improvement
showing the proposed expenditure thereon; and by subsect. (2), where the capital money to be expended is in the hands of trustees, then, after a scheme is approved by them,
the trustees may apply that money in or towards payment
for the whole or part of any work or operation comprised in
the improvement, on (A). A certificate of the land commissioners certifying
that the work or operation, or some specified part thereof
has been properly executed, and what amount is properly
payable by the trustees in respect thereof, which certificate
is to be conclusive in favour of the trustees, as an authority
and discharge for any payment made by them in pursuance
thereof ; or on
(б). A like certificate of a competent engineer or able
practical surveyor nominated by the trustees and approved
by the commissioners, or by the Court, which certificate
shall be conclusive as aforesaid ; or on
(c) . An order of the Court directing or authorising the
trustees to so apply a specified portion of the capital money.
16. Capital money under the Act. -We may here observe
that under the term "capital money arising under the Act,"
are comprised, (1). Monies received upon any sale or enfranchisement, or for equality of exchange or partition ;
(2) . Fines received on the grant of leases under any power
conferred by the Act of 1882 (б) ;
(3) . The proportion of
rent under mining leases to be set aside under sect. 11 of the
Act of 1882 ; (4) . Money raised on mortgage of the settled
estate for reconstruction, enlargement, or improvement of any of
those works .
(a) This section is not retrospective and does not apply to improvements effected before the passing of
the Act.
Re Knatchbull's
Settled
Estate, 27 Ch. D. 349 ; affirmed 29
Ch. Div. 588 .
(b) The Settled Land Act, 1882 ,
omitted to provide that these fines
should be capital money under the
Act, but the omission has been supplied by The Settled LandAct, 1884.
s.4.