*185

CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .

renewal, and that the others should receive the full amount
of their annuities without any deduction?" (a)

13. Terms of assignment by the trustee.- In making the
assignment to the cestui que trust the trustee will also be indemnified against the personal covenants which he entered
into with the lessor (b) ; and on his own part must clear the
lease of all incumbrances created by himself, except underleases at rack-rent (c) .

14. Accounting for mesne rents and profits.- The trustee
must also account to the cestui que trust for the mesne rents
and profits which he has received from the estate (d), and
also for any sub-fines that may have been paid to him by underlessees (e) .
And the cestui que trust, though the lease
which was the ground of his equity has since actually
expired, may still call for an account of the rents and
profits (f) .
In the case of a renewal by tenant for life, the
account will of course be restricted to the period since the
tenant for life's decease (g) .

15. Remedy against purchasers and others claiming under
the lessee.-The cestui que trust may pursue his remedy not
only against the original trustee, executor, or tenant for life ,
and volunteers claiming through them (h) ; but also against
a purchaser, with notice express or implied of the plaintiff's
title (i) ; and a purchaser will be deemed to have had notice
if the lease assigned to him recited the surrender of a former
lease, which recited the surrender of a previous lease, in which
mention was made of the settlement under which the cestui que
trust claims (j) ; and the volunteer or purchaser with notice

(a) Stubbs v. Roth, 2 B. & B. 548.
(b) Giddings v. Giddings, 3 Russ.
241; Keech v. Sandford, Sel. Ch. Ca.
61.
(c) Bowles v. Stewart, 1 Sch. &
Lef. 209, see 230.
(d) Giddings v. Giddings, Keech v.
Sanford, ubi suprà ; Mulvany v. Dillon, 1 B. & B. 409 ; Walley v. Walley,
1 Vern. 484; Luckin v. Rushworth,
Finch . 392 ; Blewett v. Millett, 7 B.
P. C. 367 .
(e) Rawe v. Chichester, Amb. 715,
see720.
(f) Eyre v . Dolphin, 2 B. & Β . 290.
(g) James v. Dean, 11 Ves . 383, see
396; Giddings v. Giddings , 3 Russ .
241.
(h) Bowles v. Stewart, 1 Sch. & Lef.
209; Eyre v. Dolphin, 2 B. & Β. 290 ;
Blewett v. Millett, 7 B. P. С. 367.
(i) Coppin v. Fernyhough, 2 B. C.
C. 291; Walley v. Walley, 1 Vern.
484 ; Eyre v. Dolphin, 2 B. & Β. 290;
Stratton v. Murphy, 1 Ir. Rep. Eq . 345.
(j) Coppin v . Fernyhough, 2 B. C.
C. 291 ; Hodgkinson v. Cooper, 9
Beav. 304.