CH. III. S. 1.

11. Lunatics.- Lunatics or Idiots might, before the Fines and Recoveries Act, have levied a fine or suffered a recovery, and the uses declared would have been valid until the fine or recovery was reversed.
The deed of a lunatic or idiot may be void or not according to circumstances (d).
The feoffment of a lunatic or idiot, while the feoffment operated tortiously, was voidable by the heir only (e).
However, should a lunatic or idiot have engrafted a declaration of trust upon any legal estate passed by him, a Court of equity would have had jurisdiction to set it aside (f); though generally it declined to interfere even in this case as against a purchaser for valuable consideration without notice of the lunacy or idiocy (g).

12. Bankruptcy.- If a man be declared a bankrupt, all the real and personal estate to which he is or may become entitled at the commencement of his bankruptcy, [or before his discharge,] vests in his trustee (h); but the surplus after payment of his debts still belongs to him (i), and of this interest he may create a trust.

13. Alien as to real estate.
An Alien might always have acquired real estate, whether freeholds or chattels real, by purchase, though he could not take it by operation of law, as by descent or jure mariti; and if he purchased it he might have held it until office found, but could not give an alienee a better title than he had himself (j).
An alien, therefore, could only create a trust of real estate [*27] until the Crown stepped in.

(d) See Molton v. Camroux, 2 Exch. 487; 4 Exch. 17; Elliott v. Ince, 7 De G. M. & G. 488; Campbell v. Hooper, 3 Sm. & Giff. 153.
(e) Co. Lit. 247, b.
(f) See Cruise, vol. iv. p. 130, vol. v. p. 253; Neil v. Morley, 9 Ves. 478.
(g) See Price v. Berrington, 3 Mac. &Gord. 486; Greenslade v. Dare, 20 Beav. 285.

12. Bankruptcy.- If a man be declared a bankrupt, all the real and personal estate to which he is or may become entitled at the commencement of his bankruptcy, [or before his discharge,] vests in his trustee (h); but the surplus after payment of his debts still belongs to him (i), and of this interest he may create a trust.

(h) 46 and 47 Vic. c. 52, ss. 44,
(i) Sect. 65.
(j) An alien friend residing in the United Kingdom might by 7 & 8 Vic. c. 66, s. 5, take and hold lands or

Conveyances voidable by them and their representatives, but good until set aside. Mitchell v. Kingman, 5 Pick. 431; Snowden v. Dunlavey, 11 Pa. St. 522; Pearl v. M'Dowell, 3 J. J. Marsh, 658; Allis v. Billings, 6 Met. 415; L'Amoureux v. Crosby, 2 Paige, 422; Story, Eq. Jur. § 228.

2 Only the property of the bankrupt at time of assignment vests in assignees. Ex parte Newhall, 2 Story, 360; Mosby v. Steele, 7 Ala. 299.