*87

[CH. VII. S. 1.
TRUSTS OF ADVOWSONS.

or usage has not put such a construction upon the instrument, will infer the donor's intention to have been that the
trustees should themselves exercise their discretion in the
election of a clerk for the benefit of the parish (e) ; but if
the language of the instrument, or the evidence of common
usage, prevent such a construction, then the parishioners, as
the cestuis que trust and beneficial owners of the advowson,
will be entitled to elect, and the trustees will be bound to
present the person upon whom the choice of the electors
shall fall (f) .
Had the point been unprejudiced by decision,
Lord Eldon doubted whether the Court could execute such a
trust, at least otherwise than cy près (g), but, as authority
has now clearly settled that the Court must undertake the
trust, notwithstanding the difficulties attending it, the only
subject for inquiry is, in what manner a trust of this kind
will be executed.
10. Meaning of
" parishioners and inhabitants." - The expression " parishioners and inhabitants " is, in itself,
[*87]
* extremely vague, and has never acquired any very
exact and definite meaning (a); but, this doubt removed, another question to be asked is, are women, children,
and servants, who are parishioners and inhabitants, to be
allowed to vote?
It seems the extent of the terms must be
taken secundum subjectam materiam, with reference to the
nature of the privilege which the cestuis que trust are to
exercise (b), and, if so, none should be admitted to vote,
who, from poverty, infancy, or coverture, are presumed not
to have a will of their own(c) .
(e) See Edenborough v. Archbishop of Canterbury, 2 Russ. 106,
109; Attorney-General v. Scott, 1 Ves. 413 ; Attorney-General v. Foley,
cited ib . 418 .
(f) Attorney-General v . Parker, 3 Atk. 577, per LordHardwicke; Attorney-General v. Forster, 10 Ves. 338,
341, per Lord Eldon; Attorney-General v. Newcombe, 14 Ves. 6, 7, per
eundem.
(g) Attorney-General v. Forster, 10 Ves . 340, 342.
(a) See Attorney-General v. Parker, 3 Atk . 577; Attorney-General v.
Forster, 10 Ves. 339, 342. See further
as to the Clerkenwell case, Carter v.
Cropley, 8 De G. M. & G. 680. By
parishioners and inhabitants in vestry
assembled are meant the persons who
by the existing law constitute the
vestry. In re Hayle's estate, 31 Beav.
139; and see Etherington v. Wilson,
20 L. R. Eq. 606, 1 Ch . D. 160.
(b) See Attorney-General v. Forster, 10 Ves . 339.
(c) See Fearon v. Webb, 14 Ves.
118