*281
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.
[CH. XIII.
with an adverse eye (e) ; but if a person be merely a trustee
to preserve contingent remainders, the reasons for excluding
him are held not to be applicable (f) .
15. Factors, &c.- In the absence of any special authority
contained in the instrument of trust (g) , a trustee or executor who happens to be a factor (h), broker (i), commission
agent (j) , or auctioneer (k), can make no profit in the way
of his business from the estate committed to his charge .
So trustees who are bankers cannot in their character of
trustees borrow money of themselves, as bankers, at
[*281] * compound interest, though it be the usage of the
bank with ordinary customers (a) .
(e) Sykes
v . Hastings, 11 Ves .
364, per Lord Eldon,
(f) Sutton v. Jones , 15 Ves . 587,
per Lord Eldon .
(g) Douglas v. Archbutt, 2 De
G. & J. 148; Re Sherwood, 3 Beav.
338.
128.
(h) Scattergood v. Harrison, Mos .
(i) Arnold v. Garner, 2 Ph. 231.
(j) Sheriff v. Axe, 4 Russ. 33.
(k) Matthison v. Clarke, 3 Drew.
3; Kirkman v. Booth, 11 Beav. 273.
(a) Crosskill v. Bower,32Beav.86.
In Kentucky no sum is fixed, but a reasonable amount is allowed ; Lane
v . Coleman, 8 B. Mon. 571; Greening v. Fox, 12 B. Mon. 190, from five to ten
per cent has been allowed ; M'Cracken v . M'Cracken, 6 Mon. 342; Floyd v.
Floyd, 7 B. Mon. 290 ; Bowling v. Cobb, 6 B. Mon. 358 .
In Missouri executors receive not more than six per cent, but a gross sum
may be allowed ; Smart v . Fisher, 7 Mo. 581.
In California the trustee must be paid from the income; Ellig v. Naglee,
9 Cal. 683.
In Ohio executors are allowed a compensation, but trustees get only their
expenses ; Gilbert v. Sutliff, 3 Ohio St. 149.
In Illinois executors receive a compensation, but trustees do not ; Constant
v. Matteson, 22 Ill. 546; see Hough v. Harvey, 71 III. 72.
For further consideration of compensation, see Perry on Trusts, § 918, n.;
and note to Gibson's case, 17 Am. Dec. 266.
In the provinces a commission is allowed.
It may be a lump sum; Stinson
v. Stinson, 8 R. R. 560 ; or a reasonable amount; Re Toronto Harbor Com'rs ,
28 Chy . 195 ; Re Berkeley's Trusts, 8 R. R. 193 ; McDonald v. Davidson, 60
R. 320 ; Deedes v. Graham, 20 Chy. 258 ; In re Town Trust, 22 Chy. 377 ;
Heron v . Moffatt, 7 P. R. 438; the trustee shall receive payment for all
expenses incurred by him; Life Association v. Walker, 24 Chy. 293 ; Bevis v.
Boulton, 7 Chy. 39 ; Meighen v . Buell, 24 Chy. 503 ; Colonial Trust Co. v.
Cameron, 24 Chy. 548 ; including maintenance and education ; Stewart v.
Fletcher, 16 Chy. 235 ; where compensation is provided for in trust deed, it
will be adhered to; Heron v. Moffatt, 7 P. R. 438; Loveless v. Clarke, 24
Chy. 14; City Bank v. Mulson, 3 Chy. Chamb. 334 ; when compensation will
or will not be allowed, see Wilson v. Proudfoot, 15 Chy. 103; Bald v. Thompson, 17 Chy. 154.
390