S. XXIII. S. 2.

*623

Those persons is by force of that section to be deemed necessary to the exercise by the trustees of the settlement, or
by any other person, of any power conferred by the settlement exercisable for any purpose provided for in that Act.
And the section applies to dealings as well before as after
the passing of the Act.
As the law, therefore, now stands the trustees can exercise
their powers if the concurrence of the tenant for life, or
limited owner in possession, of any share of the settled
property can be procured.

5. Case of trust for sale or direction to sell. - Hitherto we
have been considering the case where there is no trust for
sale, or imperative direction to the trustees to sell.
Where,
however, there is such a trust or direction the case
falls
within sect. 63 of the Act of 1882, and the right of the
trustees to exercise their powers for any purpose for which
similar powers are conferred by the Act is subject to restrictions of an entirely different nature, which we proceed now
to consider.

6. Sect. 63.-By sect. 63 of the Act of 1882, sub-sect. (1),
it is provided that any land, or any estate or interest in land,
which under or by virtue of any deed, will, or agreement,
covenant to surrender, copy of court roll, Act of Parliament,
or other instrument or any number of instruments, whether
made or passed before or after, or partly before and partly
after, the commencement of the Act, is subject to a trust or
direction for sale of that land, estate, or interest, and for the
application or disposal of the money to arise from the sale,
or the income of that money, or the income of the land until
sale, or any part of that money or income, for the benefit of
any person for his life, or any other limited period, or for
the benefit of two or more persons concurrently for any
limited period, and whether absolutely, or subject to a trust
for accumulation of income for payment of debts or other
purpose, or to any other restriction, shall be deemed to be
settled land, and the instrument or instruments under which
the trust arises shall be deemed to be a settlement ; and the
person for the time being beneficially entitled to the income
of the land, estate, or interest aforesaid until sale, whether