*525
TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
[CH. XX. S. 3.
2. All creditors to be paid pari passu.
As amongst the
creditors themselves, the Court acts upon the well-known
principle that " equality is equity," and, therefore, whether
the trust be created by deed (c) or will (d), the specialty
debts in the absence of express directions to the contrary
will have no advantage over simple contract debts, but all
will be paid in ratable proportions ; and, of course, the
trustees will not be allowed to break in upon the rule of
equality by first discharging their own debts (e) .
3. Specialty creditors. -It was formerly ruled, that where
a testator charged his freehold estate with debts, and the
estate subject to the charge descended to the heir, the specialty creditor had precedence, for it was argued that he had
his remedy at law against the heir independently of the will,
and therefore ought not to be put on a level with those
taking under the will (f) .
The answer is, that the specialty
creditor has no lien upon the estate, but can only recover
the debt from the heir personally to the extent of the assets
descended.
If the estate be subject to the charge, the heir
takes not beneficially but only as trustee, and then there
are no legal assets in consideration of equity, and the bond
creditor may be enjoined from pursuing his legal right.
And on these grounds it has been decided that specialty
debts are not entitled to a preference (g) .
4. Case of trustee being also executor.- It was also
thought at one time, that if the estate charged with
the debts was to be administered by the executor, the
testator must have meant that the executor should, as in his
executorial capacity, observe the legal priorities (a) ; how(c) Wolestoncroft v. Long, 1 Ch.
Ca. 32; Hamilton v. Houghton , 2
Bligh, 187 , per Lord Eldon ; Child v.
Stephens, 1 Vern . 101.
(d) Wolestoncroft v. Long, 1 Ch .
Ca. 32; Anon. 2 Ch. Ca. 54 ; &c.
(e) Anon. 2 Ch . Ca. 54.
(f) Fremoult v. Dedire, 1 P. W.
429; Young v. Dennett, 2 Dick. 452;
Blatch v. Wilder, 1 Atk. 420; Allan
v. Heber, Str. 1270 ;
S. C. 1 W. Bl.
22; and see Plunket v. Penson, 2Atk.
290; Delany v. Delany, 15 L. R. Ir.
55.
(g) Shiphard v. Lutwidge, 8 Ves .
26 ; Pope v. Gwyn, cited Ib. 28, note;
Bailey v . Ekins, 7 Ves. 319 ; Batson
v. Lindegreen, 2 B. C. C. 94; Hargrave
v.
Tindal, cited Newton υ.
Bennet, 1 B. C. C. 136, note.
(a) Girling v. Lee, 1 Vern. 63 ;
Cutterback v. Smith, Prec . Ch . 127;
Bickham v . Freeman, Ib . 136 ; Masham v. Harding, Bunb. 339; Foly's
710