CH. V. S. 2.]
STATUTE OF FRAUDS . - CROWN.

*54
trust, therefore, of a copyhold cannot be declared by parol
so as to make the copyholder a trustee for another (c) .

2.
Chattels real within the Act.
Chattels real are within
the purview of the Act, and a trust of them must therefore
be evidenced by writing, as in the case of freeholds (d) .

3.
Chattels personal not within the Act.
But
chattels
personal are not within the Act, and a trust by averment
will be supported (e).1

It has even been held that a
*sum of money secured upon a mortgage of real es[*54]
tate is not an interest within the Act, and that a parol
declaration is good (a).

And if a trust be once created by
Hutchins v . Lee, 1 Atk. 447; Bellasis
v. Compton , 2 Vern. 294.
(e) Bayley v. Boulcott, 4 Russ. 347,
per Sir J. Leach; M'Fadden v. Jenkyns, 1 Hare, 461, per Sir J. Wigram ;
S. C. 1 Ph . 157, per Lord Lyndhurst ;
Grant v. Grant, 34 Beav.623 ; Thorpe
v. Owen, 5 Beav. 224; George v. Bank
ofEngland, 7 Price, 646 ; Hawkins v .
Gardiner, 2 Sm. & G. 451, per V. C.
Stuart; Peckham v. Taylor, 31 Beav .
250; Fordyce v. Willis, 3 B. C. C.
587, per Lord Thurlow ; Benbow v.
Townsend, 1 Μ. & Κ. 510, per Sir J.
Leach; Fane v. Fane, 1 Vern. 31 , per
Lord Nottingham; Nab v. Nab, 10
Mod. 404.
(But this case, as reported
1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 404, appears an authority the other way.)
The dictum of
Lord Cranworth in Scales v. Maude,
6 De G. M. & G. 43, that a trust could
not be declared by parol in favor of
a volunteer was afterwards disclaimed
by him.
Jones v. Lock, 1 L. R. Ch.
App. 28.

(a) Benbow v. Townsend, 1 M. &
K. 506 ; and see Bellasis v . Compton,
2 Vern. 294 .

(c) Mr. Hargrave seems to have
thought, that even the uses of a surrender were trusts within the intention
oftheAct; for, in a note to Coke on
Littleton, he observes, "A nuncupative will of copyholds was a valid
declaration of the uses, where the
surrender was silent as to the form,
tillthe 29 Car. 2. required all declarations of trust to be in writing." But
the surrender of a copyhold to uses
is merely a direction to the lord in
what manner to regrant the estate,
and the surrenderee is a cestui que use
by misnomer only, and not in fact;
andindeedthe Court of Queen's Bench
has expressly decided that uses of
copyholds are not within the Statute
of Frauds, on the ground that a surrender to uses is not the creation of
a trust or confidence apart from the
legal estate, but a mode established
by custom of transferring the legal
estate itself. Doe v. Danvers, 7 East,
299.

(d) Skettv . Whitmore, Freem. 280 ;
Forster v. Hale, 3 Ves. 696 ; Riddle
v. Emerson, 1 Vern. 108 ; and see
1 Thacher v. Churchill, 118 Mass. 108; Davis v. Coburn, 128 Mass . 377 ;
Chace v. Chapin, 130 Mass. 128; Maffitt v. Rynd, 69 Pa. St. 380; Porter v.
Bank, 19 Vt. 410 ; Crissman v. Crissman, 23 Mich. 218; Robson v. Harwell,
6 Ga. 589; Kimball v. Morton, 1 Halst. Ch. 26 ; 43 Am. Dec. 621. A parol
declaration is sufficient to raise a trust in amortgage secured by real estate.
Childs v . Jordan, 106 Mass . 322; Patterson v . Mills, 69 Ia. 755 ; Hackney v.
Vrooman, 62 Barb. 650.

Likewise in money received from the sale of real
estate.
Maffitt v. Rynd, 69 Pa. St. 380 ; Coburn v. Anderson, 131 Mass. 513.