*587
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[CH. XXIII. S. L
ought not to make (and it is believed that ithas not in fact
made) any alteration in the practice of the Court of granting
maintenance where the mother has married again without
any inquiry as to ability .
[34. Where accumulation directed.-Where a testator left
property to the value of 10,000l. a year to be accumulated
for twenty-one years, and directed that the accumulations
should be laid out in the purchase of lands which, after the
expiration of the twenty-one years, were to be held for A.
for life, and after his death for his sons in strict settlement,
and A.'s income was insufficient to enable him to bring up
and educate his infant sons in a manner suitable to their
prospective position in life, V. C. Malins allowed him 2,700l.
a year out of the income of the property, with liberty to
apply for an increased allowance if necessary when the children grew older (6).
But in a subsequent case in Ireland
where the circumstances were similar, the Court refused to
follow the decision of V. C. Malins, and held that where
there is an imperative trust to accumulate, it is the duty of
the Court to carry out the testator's intention, and that the
Court has no discretion to allow maintenance out of the
income (c) ; and the Irish decision seems to be in accordance
with sound principle.
35. Interests of third parties protected.-Where an accumulation has been directed by a testator, and the Court
allows maintenance out of the accumulations,
the
order
should be framed so as to protect the interests of third
parties by directing the interests of the infants in any legacy
or share of residue to be held as a security for recouping any
diminution in the accumulations (d) .
Where an infant was entitled, contingently on her attaining twenty-one or marrying, to a large property, the Court
sanctioned a scheme for providing for her past and future
maintenance, by effecting a policy of assurance payable on
death, which would provide for her maintenance in case she
died before attaining twenty-one (6).
[(6) Havelock v. Havelock, 17 Ch.
D. 807; and see Bennett v. Wyndham,
23 Beav. 521; and S. C. 4 De G. F.
& J. 259.]
[(c) Kemmis v. Kemmis, 13 L. R.
Ir. 372; following Shaw v. M'Mahon,
8 Ir . Eq. R. 584; affirmed 15 L. R.
Ir. 90.]
[(d) Re Colgan, 19 Ch. D. 305 ;
see this case and Re Arbuckle, 2 Set.
on Dec. 4th Ed. 726, for form of order
providing for the recoupment.]