*224

PROPERTIES OF THE LEGAL ESTATE .

[CH. XII. S. 2.

within it is ultra vires and nugatory (f), and a disclaimer,
or renunciation by answer in chancery was held not to operate as a renunciation within the Act (g), and a renunciation
is not complete until it has been entered and recorded in the
proper office (h).
But it has not been settled that an executor after renunciation may not on proper grounds retract
his renunciation (i).

By 21 & 22 Vict. c. 95, s. 22, whenever an executor survives the testator, but dies without having taken probate, or is cited to take probate and does not
appear, the right of such person in respect of the executorship shall wholly cease, and representation to the
[*224] testator and the administration of * his effects shall
and may, without any further renunciation, go, devolve and be committed in like manner as if such personhad
not been appointed executor.

4. Whether term in a trustee requires a prerogative probate.
-If the lands comprised in a trust term were situate in a
different diocese from that in which the trustee was domiciled, it seems that previously to 20 & 21 Vict. c. 77, which
created the Court of Probate, a prerogative probate or limited administration was necessary before the term could
have been legally transferred (a) .

Administration limited to trust property.-If there be a
difficulty in the way of probate or grant of general letters of
administration, special letters of administration limited to
the trust property may be taken out (b) .

5.
Whether a chattel may be taken in execution for the debt
of the trustee.

A chattel found by the sheriff in the possession of a debtor is primâ facie the debtor's own property,
and as such is liable to be taken in execution for his debt,
but if the sheriff knowing the chattel to be bound by a clear
trust for another were to sell it for the debt of the trustee,
it would be a tortious act in him (c), and the creditor who

(f) Re Whitham, 1 L. R. P. & D.
303; In the Goods of Delacour, 9 I.
R. Eq. 86.

(g) Chalon
v.
Webster,
W.
N.
1873, p. 189 .

(h) In the Goods of Morant,3 L.
R. P. & D. 151 .

(i) In the Goods of Gill, 3 L. R.
P. & D. 113.

(a) See Crosley v. Archdeacon of
Sudbury, 3 Hagg. 201 .

(b) In the Goods of Prothero, 3 L.
R. P. & D. 209 .

(c) Farr v. Newman, 4 T. R. 621,
308