*311
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
where infants were interested, unless an increase of income
was absolutely required for their maintenance ; but considering the improbability of there being children in that case, he
made the order (c) .
In another case the tenant for life of a residue applied for
the sale of Bank Annuities and the investment of the proceeds upon Bank stock, and the Court, after taking time to
consider, declined to make any order, on the ground that the
exercise of the power by the Court was discretionary, and
that there were no special circumstances to call for such a
change of investment (d) .
But where a tenant for life had a wife and five children,
and his income, exclusive of the dividends of the fund in
Court (63571. 158. 2d. Consols), was only 70l. per annum,
the Court thought these circumstances sufficient to justify
an investment in Bank stock, and made the order accordingly (e) .
So where the tenant for life was suffering from ill
[*311] health and
was straitened in his circumstances,
and asked for an investment of one moiety in India
stock and the other moiety in Bank stock, the Court assented to the prayer, with the qualification that as investment in India stock involved a possible loss of capital, the
whole fund should be invested in Bank stock (a).
So where a fund was charged with an annuity of 500l. per
annum, andwas insufficient for its purpose, the Court, though
it would not have listened to an application with the mere
view of augmenting the income of the tenant for life, directed an investment in East India stock, in order to aid
the primary intention of providing for the annuity (b).
[9. Powers in Acts of Parliament.- There has been a great
conflict of opinion as to whether] the powers conferred by
(c) Montefiore v. Guedella, W. N.
1868, p . 87.
(d) Maclaren v. Stainton, M. R.
July4, 1861.
(e) Peillon v.
Brooking, M. R.
July 6, 1961 ; and see Re Boyces
Minors , 1 Ir. R. Eq. 45 ; Re Ingram's
Trusts, 11 W. R. 980, where the tenant for life by the change would
receive more than two dividends in
the year.
(a) Re Longford's Trust, 2 J. & H.
458; and see Vidler v. Parrott, 4 N.
R. 392 .
(6) Mortimer v. Picton, 10 Jur. N.
S. 83; and see Hurd v. Hurd, 11 W.
R. 50; Fluid v. Fluid, 7 L. T. N. S.
590.
432