*343
[CH. XIV. S. 5.
LIABILITY OF TRUSTEES
such a rate of interest might not be too high (d) ; and in
another, where an executor could plead extenuating circumstances 4 per cent. only was charged (e) .
16.
Whether simple or compound interest chargeable where
moneys used by executor or trustee in trade.-Whether, where
the money has been employed in trade, simple or compound
interest shall, as a general rule, be charged, is a point upon
which the decisions are in conflict, the older authorities
pointing to simple interest as the proper measure of liability,
and the more recent to compound interest.
The earliest
reported case in which a trustee who had used trust money
in trade appears to have been charged compound interest is
that of Walker v. Woodward (f). The late Vice-Chancellor
of England refused to charge a trustee of a charity estate,
who had used the trust monies in carrying on his trade, with
compound interest (g) ; but Sir John Leach charged an executor with compound interest under similar circumstances (h),
and in other later decisions Sir John Romilly, M. R., in
accordance with the rule laid down by him (as before
stated), directed an account with rests (i).
But in a
[*343] later case still, * the Court of Appeal refused to direct
compound interest (a).
[In a still later case where
an administratrix had allowed her solicitor to receive and
retain the dividends on securities, which had been set apart
for an infant next-of-kin, she was decreed to account for the
dividends with interest at 3 per cent. with half yearly rests,
on the ground that the administratrix ought to have had the
dividends invested from time to time in consols, and the proceeds would have formed a common fund with the existing
securities, and the dividends would thus have been invested
at compound interest (b) .]
17. Trustee neglecting a direction to accumulate, will be
liable for simple interest only.
(d) Treves v. Townshend, 1 B. C. 384.
(e) Melland v. Gray, 2 Coll. 295.
(f) 1 Russ. 107.
(g) Attorney-General v. Solly, 2 Sim. 518.
(h) Heighington v. Grant, 5 M. & Cr. 258; 2 Ph. 600.
(i) Jones v. Foxall, 15 Bear. 388;
Williams v. Powell, Id. 561 ; and see
Walrond v. Walrond, 29 Beav. 586.
(a) Burdick v. Garrick, 5 L. R. Ch. App. 233.
[(b) Gilroy v. Stephens, 51 L. J. N. S. Ch. 834.]