CH. III . S. 2.

*34
FEME COVERT.
all liability in respect of her * breaches of trust com- [*34]
mitted during the coverture, unless he has acted or
intermeddled in the trust ; but the relief afforded to the
husband by the Act has, by taking away from the cestuis que
trust the security of the husband's liability, made the appointment of a married woman to be a trustee, at least as
impolitic as it was before the Act.

Her inability to pass the legal estate.-But further the appointment of a feme covert [was, prior to the recent Act,]
attended with inconvenience from her inability (except with
the concurrence of her husband and through expensive forms)
to join in the requisite assurances . At common law, if land
be vested in afeme covert upon condition to enfeoff another,
she may execute the feoffment by her own act, without the
intervention of her husband (a) ; and hence it has been
argued, that, in the case of a trust, she may, equally without
her husband's concurrence, convey the estate to the parties
equitably entitled (b).

But between the two cases there is
this clear and obvious distinction, that a condition is part and
parcel of the common law, while a trust is only recognized
in the forum of a court of equity; except, therefore, the
trust be so worded as to bear the construction of a legal condition, it seems impossible to contend that an instrument
otherwise inoperative should, from the mere circumstance
of the trust, which a court of law cannot notice, acquire a
validity (c) .

5. Feme covert a trustee for sale.- Should a feme covert,
[married before the recent Act, be in respect of a trust created before the Act] , a trustee for sale, it would seem, if
these views be correct, that she can exercise the discretion,
and with the aid of the Fines and Recoveries Act, which requires the concurrence of the husband, can pass the estate.
But there remains the consideration to whom the purchasemoney is to be paid, and who is to sign the receipt.
If it
(a) Daniel v. Ubley, Sir W. Jones,
137.
(b) Daniel v. Ubley, Sir W. Jones,
138, per Whitlock, and Dodridge, J.
(c) See Mr. Hargrave's Observavations, Co. Lit. 112, a, note (6) ; and
Mr. Fonblanque's Treat. on Equity,
vol . i. p. 92 ; McNeillie v. Acton, 2
Eq. Re. 25.
41