CH . XIV. S. 6.

DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
*347
solved (d), or there has been a judicial separation (e), [or a
protection order (f),] the chose en action, though it accrued
in right before the dissolution of marriage or the separation,
[or protection order] is payable to the wife just as if the
husband had previously died.
[Protection order.-And the feme's right of disposition
extends, in the case of a judicial separation or protection
order in case of desertion, to any property to which she was
entitled in remainder or reversion at the date of the decree
or of the desertion ; but in the case of a protection order on
the ground of assault the order is to have the same effect in
all respects as a decree for separation on the ground of cruelty, and the protection will only commence as at the date of
the order (g) .
On the resumption of cohabitation the property belongs to the feme for her separate estate (h) .]

10. Right of surviving trustee to have another trustee appointed.- If a surviving trustee be placed in an embarrassing
situation as regards the distribution or management of the
fund, it is said that he has a right to ask for the appointment
of a new trustee to assist him by his counsel (i) .

11. Advice of counsel.-If through any misapprehension on the part of the trustee, * or the ill-advice [*347]
of his counsel, the trust money finds its way into a
channel not authorised by the terms of the trust, the trustee
will be held personally responsible for the misapplication to
the parties who can establish a better claim.

" I have no
doubt," said Lord Redesdale, upon one occasion, " the executors meant to act fairly and honestly, but they were misadvised; and the Court must proceed, not upon the improper
advice under which an executor may have acted, but upon

(d) Wells v . Malbon, 31 Beav. 48;
Wilkinson v . Gibson, 4 L. R. Eq. 162;
and see Fitzgerald v. Chapman, 1 Ch .
D. 563.

(e) Johnson v. Lander, 7 L. R. Eq.
228.

[(f) 20 & 21 Vict. c. 85; ss. 21,
25; 21 & 22 Vict. c. 108, s. 8; 41 Vict.
c. 19, s . 4; Re Coward andAdams,Purchase, 20 L. R. Eq. 179 ; Nicholson v.
Drury Buildings Estate Company , 7
Ch . D. 48 ; Norton v. Molloy, 7 L. R.
Ir. 287, under the corresponding Act
relating to Ireland, 28 Vict. c. 43.]

[(g) See the statutes above referred to, note (f) . ]

[(h) Re Emery's Trusts, 50 L. T.
N. S. 197 ; 32 W. R. 357 ; 20 & 21
Vict. c. 85, s. 25.]

(i) Livesay v. O'Hara, 14 Ir. Ch.
Rep. 12.