*282
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.
[CH. XIII.
so neither can the charge be made by a firm of which he is
a partner (i), even though the business be done by one of
the partners who is not a trustee (j); but a country solicitor
defending a suit in Chancery as executor, through a
[*282] town agent, will be allowed such proportion of the
agent's bill in respect of the defence, as such agent is
entitled to receive (a); and a trustee may employ his partner as the solicitor to the trust, and pay the usual professional charges, if by the articles of partnership the trustee
is not to participate in the profits or have any benefit from
such charges (b).
17. Cradock v. Piper.- In Cradock v. Piper (c),the principle of the rule was held not to apply where several co-trustees
were made defendants to a suit, this being a matter thrust
upon them and beyond their own control, so that one of the
trustees, who was a solicitor, was allowed to act for himself
and the others, and to receive the full costs, it not appearing
that they had been increased through his conduct.
But this
decision is open to comment.
If the distinction be made
between costs out of court and costs in court, because as
regards the latter, the conduct of the trustee is under the
cognizance of the Court, and the costs are to be taxed, the
rule would equally apply to the case of a single trustee defending himself (d).
The exception appears to be anomalous,
and is not likely to be extended.
Indeed where a single
trustee defended himself by his partner, the professional
profits were disallowed (e).
18. Trustee may accidentally be advantaged, as by failure of
heirs of the cestui que trust.- [Prior to the Intestates Estates
Act, 1884, a trustee might by possibility have derived] a benefit from the trust estate, not from any positive right in himself, but from the want of right in any other ; as if lands
(i) Collins v. Carey, 2 Beav. 128 ;
Lincoln v. Windsor, 9 Hare, 158.
(j) Christophers
υ. White, 10
Beav. 523.
(a) Burge v. Burton, 2 Hare, 373.
(b) Clack v . Carlon, 7 Jur. N. S.
& Tw . 617 ; overruling Bainbrigge v.
Blaire, 8 Beav. 588.
441 .
(c) 1 Mac. & G. 664 ; S. C. 1 Hall
(d) See Broughton v. Broughton,
2 Sm . & G. 422 ; 5 De G. M. & G.
160.
(e) Lyon v . Baker, 3 De G. & Sm.
622.
And see Manson v. Baillie, 2
Macq. H. L. Ca. 80.
392