*221
PROPERTIES OF THE LEGAL ESTATE.
[CH. XII. S. 2 .
for the life of A., may still either be limited expressly to
trustees or be raised by implication; and that in cases where
before the Act an indefinite chattel interest would have
passed, as in a devise to trustees (without the word "heirs ")
to pay debts, or a freehold with an indefinite interest superadded, as in Doe v. Simpson (b), there the words of the will
are for the future made to pass the fee simple (c) .
[*221]
* SECTION
II .
THE
PROPERTIES AND
DEVOLUTION
OF
THE
LEGAL
ESTATE
IN
THE
TRUSTEE .
This branch of our subject we propose to consider, First,
with reference to the common law; and, Secondly, with
reference to the construction of particular statutes.
First.
Of the legal estate at common law.1
1. Legal estate at common law.-It may be stated as a
general rule, that the legal estate in the hands of the trustee
has at common law precisely the same properties and incidents as if the trustee were the usufructuary owner.
Of dower, curtesy, &c .
If real estate be put in trust it is
subject at law in the hands of the trustee to curtesy (a), and
(b) 5 East, 162.
(c) See the observations on the
above clauses, H. Sugden on Wills,
p. 119; 2 Jarm. on Wills, 4th Ed. p.
320.
(a) Bennet v. Davis, 2 P. W. 319.
1 Properties of the legal estate.-At common law the legal title vests in the
trustee, with all the properties incident to it, which would be present if he
were the absolute owner ; Devin v. Hendershott, 32 Ia. 192; Campbell v.
Prestons , 22 Gratt. 396 ; Croxall v. Shererd, 5 Wall. 268; but now there is no
dower or curtesy in the legal title to the trust estate; White v. Drew, 42 Mo.
561; Buffalo &c. R. R. Co. v. Lampson, 47 Barb . 533; McClellan v. McClellan,
65 Me. 500 ; Dean v. Mitchell, 4 J. J. Marsh . 451; Gomez v . Bank, 4 Sandf.
102; Bartlett v. Gouge, 5 B. Mon. 152 ; but see Dubs v. Dubs, 31 Pa. St. 154;
but they will attach to the equitable estate; Hopkinson v. Dumas, 42 N. H.
303; Prescott v. Walker, 16 N. H. 343 ; and this is generally true in the United
States; Hawley v. James, 5 Paige, 318; Lewis v. James, 8 Humph. 537; Peay
v. Peay, 2 Rich . Eq. 409 ; Tillinghast v. Coggeshall, 7 R. I. 383 ; Cushing v.
Blake, 30 N. J. Eq. 689 ; Houghton v. Hopgood, 13 Pick. 154; but see Reed
v. Whitney, 7 Gray. 533; Lobdell v. Hayes, 4 Allen, 187; Hamlin v. Hamlin,
19 Me. 141;
if the cestui que trust have no next of kin, the trustee holds
personalty, and probably realty, subject to the state; Crane v. Reeder, 21
Mich. 25.