*41
[CH III. S. 2.
RELATIVES .
[*41]
but, as a general rule, they are * not altogether fit
persons for the office, in consequence of the probability of a conflict between their interest and their duty (a).1

18. Relatives.- Sir John Romilly, M.R., considered it also
objectionable to appoint any relative a trustee, from the
frequency of breaches of trust committed by trustees at the
instance of cestuis que trust nearly connected with them (b) .
However, there is no positive legal objection to appointing
either a cestui que trust or a relative, and indeed it is not
always easy to find a trustee who is neither a cestui que trust
nor a relative, and this the Court itself has experienced ; for,
notwithstanding its repugnance to such a course, it has been
obliged occasionally, to appoint a relative,who is also a cestui
que trust, to be a trustee (c).
In one case the Court, in appointing two new trustees, allowed the husband of a cestui
que trust to be one of them upon his undertaking, that, if he
became sole trustee, he would immediately take steps for the
appointment of a co-trustee (d),2 [and in another case the
appointment was made with a direction, that in case the
husband should become sole trustee, a new trustee should
forthwith be appointed (e).
But in a recent case in Lunacy,
where three new trustees were appointed, the Court allowed
the husband of the tenant for life to be one of them, without
requiring any such undertaking (f) ;] and in other cases the
husbands of cestuis que trust in remainder have been appointed
trustees (g) ; [but the late Master of the Rolls refused, in a
recent case, to appoint a man a trustee of his own marriage
settlement, though all the persons interested assented to the
(a) Foster v . Abraham, 17 L. R.
Eq. 351 .
(6) Wilding v. Bolder, 21 Beav.
222.
(c) Ex parte Clutton, 17 Jurist,
988; Ex parte
Conybeare's
settlement, 1 W. R. 458 ; Re Clissold, 10
L. T. N. S. 642 ; and see Re Lancaster Charities , 9 W. R. 192; Passingham v. Sherborn , 9 Beav. 424; Barnes
v. Addy, 9 L. R. Ch . App. 244.
(d) Re Hattatt's Trusts, 18 W. R.
416; 21 L. T. N. S. 781 [and see Re
Burgess' Trust, W. N. 1877, p. 87.
Re Lightbody's Trusts , 33 W. R. 452] .
[(e) Re Parrott, W. N. 1881, p.
158.]
[(f) Re Jesson, 7 Aug. 1878, М.
S.]
(g) Re Davis' Trusts, 12 L. R. Eq.
214;
[Re Sarah Knight's Will, 26
Ch. D. 82.]
1 Craig v. Hone, 2 Edw. Ch. 554; Perry on Trusts, § 59.
2 Porter v . Bank, 19 Vt. 410 ; Dean v. Lanford, 9 Rich. Eq. 423.