MERGER.
Estate ex parte materna will, by the merger¹ of the equitable
in the legal, become seised both at law and at equity, ex
parte paterna, and the subsequent devolution will be regulated accordingly.
How far the equitable merges in the legal estate.-But this
rule holds only where the legal and equitable estates are coextensive and commensurate ; for if a person be seised of
the legal estate in fee, and have only a partial equitable interest, to merge the one in the other might occasion an injurious disturbance of rights.
Thus before the Fines and
Recoveries Act (e), if lands had been conveyed unto and to
the use of A. and his heirs, in trust for B. in tail with remainder in trust for A. in fee, had the equitable remainder limited
to A. been converted into a legal estate, it would not have
been barrable by B.'s equitable recovery (f) .
* In what sense mortgagee in fee is trustee for himself
[*15]
and his executors.
In the case of a mortgagee in
fee it [has been] said [that] a man and his heirs are trustees
for himself and his executors (a) .
But the meaning was,that,
until a release or foreclosure of the equity of redemption,
the interest of the mortgagee was of the nature of personality,
and passed on his death to his personal representative ; the
heir, therefore, took the estate upon trust for the executor (b) .
A release or foreclosure, unless it happen in the lifetime of
the mortgagee, comes too late after his decease to alter the
character of the property, for, as the tree falls, so it must
lie (c) (1) .
(e) 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 74.
(f) Philips v. Brydges, 3 Ves . 120 :
see the judgment, pp. 125-127; Robinson v. Cuming, Rep. t. Talb. 164;
S. C. 1 Atk . 473; and see Boteler v.
Allington, 1 В. С. С. 72 ; Merest v .
James, 6 Mad. 118; Habergham v.
Vincent, 2 Ves. jun. 204; Buchanan
v. Harrison, 1 Johns. & Hem. 662.
(a) Kendal v . Mickfield, Barn. 50,
per Lord Hardwicke .
[(b) Now, by the Conveyancing
and Law of Property Act, 1881, s . 30,
the estate of the mortgagee devolves
upon the legal personal representative
to the exclusion of the heir or devisee.]
(c) Canning v. Hicks, 2 Ch . Ca.
(1) But if the heir foreclosed or obtained a release of the equity of redemption, it was said he might keep the estate, and pay the executor the debt
only.
Clerkson v. Bowyer, 2 Vern. 67, per Cur.
S. D. Sed quære.
1Bolles v. State Trust Co. 27 N. J. Eq. 308; Badgett v. Keating, 31 Ark .
400; Truebody v. Jacobson, 2 Cal. 82; Lockwood v. Sturtevant, 6 Conn. 373;
15