*227
[CH. XII. S. 2 .
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
of the trustee occurred prior to the commencement of that
act.]
The rule as originally established was, that a general
expression would carry a dry trust estate (d), but afterwards
there were some misgivings upon the subject (e) (1) ; and
the Court at last acceded to the proposition, that general
words would not pass trust estates, unless there appeared
a positive intention that they should so pass (a) .
The question was reconsidered before Lord Eldon, when
the result of the cases, after a careful examination of them,
was declared to be, that, where the will (d) Marlow v. Smith, 2 P. W. 198.
(e) See Braybroke v. Inskip, 8 Ves. 437.
(a) Attorney-General v. Buller, 5 Ves. 340.
(1) How the opinion arose that a general devise would not pass a trust estate
- The doubt appears to have originated in part from an expression of Lord Hardwicke in Casborne v. Scarfe, 1 Atk. 605, that by a devise of all lands,
tenements and hereditaments, a mortgage in fee would not pass, unless the equity of redemption were foreclosed.
But Lord Hardwicke was not speaking here of the legal estate, but of the
beneficial interest in the mortgage.
The same thing was said in the same sense in Strode v. Russell, 2 Vern. 625.
Lord Hardwicke's authority has been cited on both sides of the question (compare Duke of Leeds v. Munday, 3 Ves. 348, with Ex parte Sergison, 4 Ves. 147;)
but that he approved of the old rule is evident from Ex parte Bowes, cited in Mr.
Sanders's note to Casborne v. Scarfe, 1 Atk. 605.
Lord Northington and Lord Thurlow are said to have entertained the same
opinion (See Ex parte Sergison, 4 Ves. 147; but, as to Lord Thurlow, see an obiter dictum, Pickering v. Vowles, 1 B. C. C. 198.)
and assigns, to and for his and their use and benefit; Abbott, Petr. 55 Me. 580;
mortgage estates may pass by devise, though charged with debts and legacies;
Ballard v. Carter, 5 Pick. 112; Richardson v. Woodbury, 43 Me. 206; whether
the devisee or an heir can execute a trust depends upon the instrument as showing
the settlor's intention; Abbott, Petr. 55 Me. 580; in some states the court appoints
new trustees, if the original trustees die; Hawley v. Ross, 7 Paige, 103; Clark v.
Crego, 47 Barb. 599; Hook v. Dyer, 47 Mo. 241; McDougald v. Carey, 38 Ala.
320; contra in New Jersey; Schenck v. Schenck, 16 N. J. Eq. 174; a trust estate
cannot be divided; Baldwin v. Humphrey, 44 N. Y. 609; Saunders v. Schmaelzle,
49 Cal. 59; the survivor of the trustees, then the heir or representative, receives
the trust estate; Whiting v. Whiting, 4 Gray, 236; Webster v. Vandeventer, 6
Gray, 429; Powell v. Knox, 16 Ala. 364; De Peyster v. Ferrers, 11 Paige, 13;
Gray v. Lynch, 8 Gill. 404; Keister v. Howe, 3 Ind. 268; the surviving trustee
cannot be disturbed by the representatives of his cotrustees; Shook v. Shook,
19 Barb. 653; he may sue by himself; Richeson v. Ryan, 15 III. 13; and his
executors or administrators may continue the proceedings; Maudlin v. Armistead,
14 Ala. 702; Nichols v. Campbell, 10 Gratt. 561; but actions must be in the names
of the parties to the contract; Childs v. Jordan, 106 Mass. 323; Farrelly v. Ladd,
10 Allen, 127.