*366
[CH. XV.
RENEWAL OF LEASES .
any operation, effect, or consequence of any instrument
executed or made before the same date.
The powers and
obligations to renew under instruments which came into
operation before 31st December, 1882, are accordingly unaffected by this repeal and are still in force.]
7. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124.
By another Act, also passed
28th August, 1860, where any estate or interest under any
lease or grant from an ecclesiastical corporation, is vested in
a person as trustee, whether expressly or by implication of
law, with a power to raise money for procuring a renewal, or
where such power is vested in any person, it is made lawful
for such person to raise money for the purpose of purchasing
the reversion or otherwise enfranchising the property (c) ;
and it has been held that this enactment confers a power not
only to raise the money, but also to effect the purchase or
enfranchisement (d).
But this will not authorise the trustees to make any arrangement with the reversioners which
will disturb the relative rights of the tenant for life and the
remaindermen under the settlement ; and where it was proposed to surrender part of the leaseholds in consideration of
a release of the reversion of the rest of the leaseholds, and
the interests of the tenant for life would suffer by the
arrangement, the Court had no power, without the consent
of the tenant for life, to give effect to the proposal, though
beneficial on the whole (e) .
II . How fines on renewals to be levied. -We next proceed
to inquire in what manner the fines for renewals are to be
levied by the trustees.
Upon this subject we shall advert, First, to the case where
the settlor himself has specifically marked out the fund from
which the fines are to be raised, and Secondly, to the rules
adopted by the Court, where the settlor himself has omitted
to declare any intention.
(c) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124, s. 20.
(d) Hayward v . Pile, 5 L. R. Ch .
App. 218, per Lord Hatherley.
(e) Hayward v. Pile, 5 L. R. Ch.
App. 214.
But in another special
case where there was an
absolute
trust for renewal, overriding the interest of the tenant for life, the Court
made the order, Hollier v. Burne, 16
L. R. Eq. 163 ; [See Maddy v. Hale,
3 Ch. D. 327; Re Lord Ranelagh's
Will. 26 Ch. D. 591. ]