CH. XVIII . S. 1.

*430

TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
sell, the trustees have no power to sell during the life of A.,
however beneficial it may be to the parties interested in the
trust (6).
But if an estate be devised to A. for life, and
after her decease to trustees upon trust to sell " as soon as
conveniently may be after the testator's decease," the trustees, with the concurrence of A., can make a good title (c) ;
and if the tenant for life and the trustees in remainder sell
for one entire sum, it has been held that the purchaser will
get a good title, and the tenant for life and the trustees may
agree as amongst themselves how the purchase money is to
be apportioned, or if they cannot agree it will be apportioned
by the Court (d) ; [and the same principle was applied where
the trustees of a reversion expectant on a lease concurred
with the owner of the lease in selling the fee (e).]
And
generally trustees for sale of any aliquot part of an estate
may join in a sale of the whole estate for one entire sum,
and the purchase money, as amongst the respective owners,
may be left to be apportioned as before (f) ; and where a
testator's estate was under administration by the Court, and
a house, part of that estate, was put up for sale with another
house which was comprised in the testator's marriage settlement, in one lot, and the trustees of the settlement had leave
to attend, it was held that as the sale of the entirety was
beneficial, a good title could be made, and that the purchasemoney could be apportioned in chambers (g).
But a purchaser cannot be compelled to accept such a title if the
separate interests of the cestuis que trust in such a joint sale
be not brought to the sale with every advantage, or if the
nature of the case be such that the purchase-money will not
admit of apportionment upon any intelligible principle (h) .
(b) Johnstone v. Baber, 8 Beav.
233; Blacklow v. Laws, 2 Hare, 40 ;
Mosley v . Hide, 17 Q. B. 91 ; Want v.
Stallibrass, 8 L. R. Ex. 175.
(c) Mills v. Dugmore, 30 Beav. 104.
(d) Clark v. Seymour, 7 Sim 67 ;
[and see Re Cooper and Allen's Contract, 4 Ch. D. 802.]
[(e) Morris v. Debenham, 2 Ch. D.
540.]
(f) See M'Carogher v. Whieldon,
34 Beav . 107 .
(g) Cavendish v. Cavendish, 10 L.
R. Ch . App . 319 [As to the power of
trustees to grant a lease of two estates
held upon different trusts, see Tolson
v . Sheard, 5 Ch. D. 19.]
(h) Rede v. Oakes, 32 Beav. 555 ;
10 Jur. N. S. 1246 ; [4 De G. J. & S.
505; see Re Cooper and Allen's Contract, 4 Ch. D. 802.]