CH . XXI .
STATUTORY PROVISIONS AS TO CHARITIES .

*548

lord in respect of charging the land are not to be exercised
by trustees for ecclesiastical or charitable purposes, except
with the previous approval in writing of the Charity Commissioners (c) .

63. Power of majority to pass legal estate.-By 32 & 33
Vict. c. 110, s. 12, it is enacted that " where the trustees or
persons acting in the administration of any charity have
power to determine on any sale, exchange, partition, mortgage, lease, or other disposition of any property of the
charity, a majority of those trustees or persons who are present
at a meeting of their body duly constituted, and vote on the
question, shall have and be deemed to have always had full
power to execute and do all such assurances, acts, and things
as may be requisite for carrying any such sale, exchange, partition, mortgage, lease, or disposition into effect ; and all such
assurances, acts and things shall have the same effect as
if they were respectively executed and done by all such
trustees or persons for the time being, and by the official
trustee of charity lands " (d).

The majority, therefore, in
those cases of charity can bind the estate not only in equity
but at law also, and that, whether the legal estate be vested
in the trustees or other the persons aforesaid, or in the official trustee of charity lands.

64. Charities may be incorporated.- By " The Charitable
Trustees Incorporation Act, 1872 " (35 & 36 Vict. c. 24), it
is enacted by s. 1, that from the date of the Act the trustees
or trustee for the time being of any charity, may apply to
the Charity Commissioners for a certificate of registration,
and the Commissioners may grant such certificate subject
to such conditions and directions as they may think
fit
as to the qualifications and number of the trustees, their
tenure or avoidance of office, and the mode of appointing new trustees, and the custody * and use of [*548]
the common seal, and thereupon the trustees shall
become a body corporate, by the name described in the certificate, and may sue and be sued in their corporate name,
and

[(c) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 61, s. 40.]
(d) And see the nearly similar
enactment of 23 & 24 Vict. c. 136,
s. 16, and ante, p. 540.

743