CH . XIV . S. 4.

*312

INVESTMENT.
the Act apply to moneys paid into Court under Acts of Parliament directing the moneys to be invested on securities
other than those mentioned in the Act under consideration ;
[but the question has been finally settled in favour of the
application of the powers (c) .]

10. Service.- Applications under Rule 17 of Order 22
need not be served on the
trustees
of the
fund, but
such service
is
necessary under Rule 18 of the same
Order (d) .

11. Consent.- Powers of investment are generally to be
exercised with the consent of the tenant for life, and it has
been doubted whether the several Acts enlarging the power
of trustees apply where such consent is required.
It is conceived, however, that the effect of the Acts is to authorise
trustees to invest on the extended securities, provided the
investments be accompanied with all the conditions required
for investment upon the securities specified in the settlement.
Any other construction would be a trap, into which many
trustees must already have fallen .

[12. Settled Land Act.-By the combined operation of
sects. 21 and 32 of the Settled Land Act, 1882, all
moneys in Court which are liable to be laid * out in [*312]
the purchase of land to be made subject to a settlement may be " invested on Government securities, or on
other securities on which the trustees of the settlement are
by the settlement or by law authorised to invest trust money
of the settlement, or on the security of the bonds, mortgages,
or debentures, or in the purchase of the debenture stock of
any railway company in Great Britain or Ireland incorporated by special Act of Parliament, and having for ten
(c) [Ex parte St. John Baptist College, Oxford, 22 Ch. D. 93 ; see] Re
Birmingham Bluecoat School, 1 L. R.
Eq. 632; Re Wilkinson's Settled Estate, 9 L. R. Eq. 343 ; Re Cook's Settled Estate, 12 L. R. Eq. 12 ; Re
Thorold's Settled Estate, 14 L. R. Eq.
31; Reading v. Hamilton, W. N. 1872,
p. 91; Re Taddy's Settled Estates, 16
L. R. Eq. 532 ;
[Re Fryer's Settlement, 20 L. R. Eq. 468 ; Re Foy's
Trusts, 23 W. R. 744 ; Re Southwold
Railway Company's
Bill, 1 Ch. D.
697; Jackson v . Tyas , 52 L. J. N. S.
830; Secus , ] Re Shaw's Settled Estates, 14 L. R. Eq. 9 ; Re Boyd's
Settled Estate, 21 W. R. 667 ; Re
Vicar of St. Mary, Wigton, 18 Ch .
D. 646 ; Ex parte Rector of Kirksmeaton, 20 Ch . D. 203.]
(d) Re Adams's Will, W. N. 1868,
p. 58; 17 L. T. N. S. 641.
433