*277
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.
[CH. XIII.]

trade(a), in all these cases, while the executor or trustee is
liable for all losses, he must account to the cestui que trust
for all clear profits. And where a trustee retired from his
trust in consideration of his successor paying him a sum of
money, it was held that the money so paid must be treated
as forming part of the trust estate, and be accounted for by
the retiring trustee (b) .

5. Giving to a trustee -Neither can a trustee bargain
with his cestui que trust for a benefit, and it is even said that
a cestui que trust cannot give a benefit to his trustees (c) .

6. Mortgagee regarded as a trustee to some intents.
Mortgagees are to some, though not to all, intents and purposes
trustees, and in one case (the authority of which, however,
has been doubted), where a mortgagor in fee died, and the
mortgagee bought in the mortgagor's wife's right of dower,
it was decreed that the heir of the mortgagor, on bringing
his bill to redeem, might take the purchase at the price
paid (d) .

7. Partners. -Partners also stand in a fiduciary relation
to each other (e), and if on the termination of the partnership by effluxion of time (f) , or bankruptcy (g), or death (h),
a partner instead of winding up the partnership affairs,
retains the whole assets in the trade, so that in effect the

(a) Docker v. Somes, 2 M. & K.
655; Willett v. Blanford, 1 Hare,253;
Cummins v. Cummins, 8 Ir. Eq . Rep .
723; Parker v. Bloxam, 20 Beav. 295;
Wedderburn v. Wedderburn, 2 Keen,
722; 4 M. & Cr. 41 ; 22 Beav. 84;
Townend v. Townend, 1 Giff. 201;
[Flockton v. Bunning, 8 L. R. Ch .
App. 323, n .]
If the trustee or executor be one only of a firm, he must
account for his share of the profits.
Vyse v. Foster, 8 L. R. Ch . App. 309 ;
affirmed 7 L. R. H. L. 318 ; Jones v.
Foxall, 15 Beav. 388.

(b) Sugden v. Crossland, 3 Sm. &
G. 192.

(c) Vaughton v. Noble, 30 Beav.
34; see 39.

(d) Baldwin v . Banister, cited Robinson v. Pett, 3 P. W. 251, note (A) ;
and see comments thereon , Dobson
v . Land, 8 Hare, 220; and compare
Arnold v. Garner, 2 Ph . 231 ; Matthison v. Clarke, 3 Drew. 3.

(e) Bentley v. Craven, 18 Beav.
75; Parsons v. Hayward, 31 Beav.
199.

(f) See Lord
Eldon's observations, Crawshay v. Collins, 15 Ves.
226.

(g) Crawshay v. Collins, 15 Ves .
218.

(h) Brown v. De Tastet, Jac. 284;
Wedderburn v. Wedderburn, 2 Keen,
722; 4 M. & Cr. 41; 22 Beav. 84;
[The Lord Provost, &c., of Edinburgh
v. The Lord Advocate, 4 App. Cas.
823; ] and see Flockton v. Bunning,
8 L. R. Ch . App. 323, n.
382