ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRUST.

Effect upon third parties, every Court and every jury would presume an assent " (d) .

3.
Recitals. -If the trustee execute the deed, he should see that the recitals are correct ; or the Court may hold him liable for the consequences.
However, in a late case (e) ,
where it was recited in a marriage settlement that the lady was possessed of a sum of stock, which subsequently was not forthcoming, Lord Langdale said, there were so many instances of parties representing that they were entitled to particular property, which representation afterwards turned out to be wholly untrue, that it would be unjust and dangerous to bind third parties by such representations ; and that he did not therefore accede to the argument, that the recital alone bound the trustees.
And in another case where a release from the cestuis que trust to the trustees stated that the legacy duty amounted only to £19. 8s., whereas it was much more, Lord Romilly said it was a mistake of all parties, and that the trustees were not estopped by it in equity (f) .

4. Of acceptance by acting in the trust.- What acts of a person nominated as trustee will amount to a constructive acceptance of the office, is a question constantly arising, and not easily to be determined by any general rule.

5. Effect of probate.- If a person named as executor takes out probate of the will, he thereby constitutes himself executor, and incurs all the liabilities annexed to the executorship (g) .
The renunciation of probate by a
person named as executor and trustee is not in [*202]
(d) Wise v. Wise, 2 Jones & Lat.
403; see 412; and see White v. M'Dermott, 7 I. R. C. L. 1 .
(e) Fenwick v. Greenwell, 10Beav.
418.
I have been informed by one of
the counsel in the cause that in Bliss
v. Bridgewater, at the Rolls, many
years ago, Sir J. Leach held that
trustees were bound by a recital that
stock had been transferred into their
names; and see Gore v. Bowser, 3 Sm .
&G.6; Chaigneau v. Bryan, 8 Ir. Ch .
Rep. 251; Story v. Gape, 2 Jur. N. S.
706; Westmoreland v. Holland, 23 L.
T. N. S. 797; 19 W. R. 302, affirmed
W. N. 1871, p. 124.

(f) Brooke v. Haynes, 6 L. R. Eq.
(g) Booth v. Booth, 1 Beav. 125;
Ward v. Butler, 2 Moll. 533, per Lord
Manners ; Styles v. Guy, 1 Mac. & G.
431, per Lord Cottenham ; Scully v .
Delany, 2 Ir. Eq. Rep. 165.
The
case of Balchen v. Scott, 2 Ves . jun.
678, cannot be considered as law.