*460
[CH. XVIII . S. 2.
TRUSTEES ' RECEIPTS .
thereby become responsible.
But assuming that the facts
relied upon in this case amount to notice that the debts had
been paid ; yet, as the executor had authority to sell not only
for the payment of debts, but also for the purpose of distribution among the residuary legatees, this would not afford
any inference that the executor was committing a breach of
trust in selling the estate, or that he was not performing what
his duty required.
The case then comes to this : If authority
is given to sell for the payment of debts and legacies, and
the purchaser knows that the debts are paid, is he bound to
see to the application of the purchase-money ?
I apprehend
not."
[*460]
* Lord St. Leonards, with reference to the same
important case, observed, " When a testator by his
will charges his debts and legacies, he shows that he means
to entrust his trustees with the power of receiving the money,
anticipating that there will be debts, and thus providing for
the payment of them.
It is, by implication, a declaration by
the testator that he intends to entrust the trustees with the
receipt and application of the money, and not to throw any
obligation at all upon the purchaser or mortgagee.
That
intention does not cease because there are no debts .
If a trust
be created for payment of debts and legacies, the purchaser
or mortgagee should in no case (in the absence of fraud),
be bound to see to the application of the money raised."
And his Lordship added, " as to Forbes v. Peacock it is quite
a mistake to suppose that that was a trust executed at a distance of twenty-five years from the time when it arose, for it
was executed at the time when it did arise, which happened
to be twenty-five years after the death of the testator " (a) .
13. Power of varying securities, and of investment.- If a
trustee have authority to invest the trust fund with a power
of varying securities, but without an express power of signing receipts, it is implied from the nature of the trust that
he shall sign receipts (b) ; and if he be authorised to invest
on security simply without power of varying securities he can
sign receipts, for he cannot prevent the borrower from pay(a) Stroughill v. Anstey, 1 De G.
(b) Locke v. Lomas, 5 De G. &
M. & G. 653, 654.
Sm. 326.
624