*161
[CH. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
proceeds of the sale are directed to be taken as personalty,
the testator must be understood to mean for the purposes of
the will only, and not for any object beyond it.
Resulting trust of personal estate. -With respect to resulting trusts of personal estate, the general residuary bequest
was always held to sweep every interest, whether undisposed
of by the will, or undisposed of in event, and therefore it is
only where the will contains no residuary clause that the
next of kin can assert a claim to the benefit of the resulting
interest (c) .
But if any part of the personal estate be expressly excepted from the residue, as if a testator reserve
a sum to be disposed of by a codicil, and give the residue
not disposed of or reserved to be disposed of to A., and
no codicil is executed, the sum so specially excepted will
then result to the next of kin (d) .
[*161]
* Sixthly. Case of settlor or devisor dying without
heir or next of kin.- [In the case of the death of a
settlor intestate, without heir or next of kin, the undisposed
of beneficial interest in real estate, if the death occurred
before the 14th August, 1884, sank into the land for the
benefit of the trustee or legal tenant (a) ; and where the
death occurs since that date, it escheats to the lord as if the
interest were a legal estate in corporeal hereditaments (b) ;]
but in the case of personalty the resulting interest, as bonum
vacans, will fall to the Crown by the prerogative (c) .
Of resulting trusts in gifts to charities.-Lastly, it may be
noticed that settlements to charitable purposes are an exception from the law of resulting trusts : for, upon the construction of instruments of this kind, the Court has adopted
the following rules :Cas. 404.
As to Mallabar v. Mallabar, Cas . t. Talb. 78, see Phillips v .
Phillips, 1 M. & Κ. 660.
Attorney-General v. Johnstone,Amb .
577.
(a) Burgess v. Wheate,1 Eden,177;
Henchman v. Attorney-General, 3 M.
& K. 485; Taylor v. Haygarth, 14
Sim . 8; Davall v. New River Company, 3 De G. & Sm. 394; Cox v.
Parker, 22 Beav. 168.
(c) See Dawson v. Clarke, 15 Ves.
417; Brown v. Higgs, 4 Ves . 708;
S. C. 8 Ves . 570; Shanley v. Baker,
4Ves . 732; Jackson v. Kelly, 2 Ves .
285; Oke v. Heath, 1 Ves. 141 ; Cambridge v . Rous, 8 Ves . 25 ; Cooke v.
Stationers' Company, 3 M. & Κ. 264.
(d) Davers v. Dewes, 3 P. W. 40 ;
[ (b) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 71, s. 4.]
(c) Middleton v. Spicer, 1 B. С. C.
201 ; Barclay v. Russell, 3 Ves. 424;
222