*212
ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.

[CH. XII . S. 1 .

seised in trust, the statute will operate, and execute the
possession in A.

6. Doe v. Nicholls.-And where copyholds were devised
to trustees during the minority of the testator's son, " the
same to be transferred to him " when he attained twenty-one,
and if he died under twenty-one the testator gave the estate
over, it was held that the trustees took a chattel interest
only, until the son attained twenty-one, and that the copyholds then vested in the son.
It was said, that if the devise
were to the son on attaining twenty-one without the intervention of trustees, the admission of the son as tenant on the
rolls would operate as a transfer of the estate, and that the
words " the same to be transferred" did not imply
[*212] that the trustees were to *transfer the legal estate (a) .
This construction, however, appears to be
somewhat forced, and is not quite satisfactory.

7. Trust to pay or permit, &c.-Where the trust is " topay
unto or permit and suffer a person to receive" the rents, as
the former words would create a special trust, and the latter
would be construed a use executed by the statute, the Court
holds, for want of a better reason, that the former or latter
words shall prevail, as the instrument, in which they are
found, happens to be a deed or a will (b).
But it may be
asked, why might not the settlor have meant to vest a discretion in the trustees, either to receive the rents themselves, or
to put the cestui que trust in possession, and if so, the intentionwould require that the legal estate should be in the trustee.
However, numerous titles must have been accepted on
the faith of the case referred to, and at this distance of time
it might be dangerous to reverse it; and this is the view
adopted by the Court (c) . [But this rule establishes no principle, and will readily yield to any indication of a contrary
intention ; and where the trust was to " pay the rents unto,
or permit the same to be received by, one of the trustees,"
the Court of Appeal held that effect could be given to both
sets of words, that there was no inconsistency, and conse(c) Baker v. White, 20 L. R. Eq.
(a) Doe v. Nicholls, 1 B. & C. 336.
(b) Doe v. Biggs, 2 Taunt. 109.
171.
292