*284
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST .

[CH. XIII .]
Mortgagor dying without an heir.- In the same case the
questions were asked, whether in the event of a mortgagor
in fee dying intestate as to real estate and leaving no heir,
the mortgagee should hold the estate absolutely? and whether,
if the mortgagee demanded his debt of the personal representative , he should take to himself both the land and the
debt ?
Sir Thomas Clarke thought that the mortgagee might
hold the estate absolutely ; but that if the mortgagee took
his remedy against the personal representative, the Court
would compel him to re-convey, not to the lord by escheat,
but to the personal representative, and would consider the
estate reconveyed as coming in lieu of the personalty, and
as assets to answer even simple contract creditors (c).
Lord Mansfield said, " He could not state on any ground established what would be the determination in that case " (d) .
Lord Henley observed, " The lord has his tenant and services in the mortgagee, and he has no right to anything
more.
Perhaps it not difficult to answer what would be the justice of the case, but it is not to the business in hand " (e) .
In the opinion of Sir John Romilly, M. R. ,
the mortgagee held absolutely, subject to the payment of
the mortgagor's debts out of the equity of redemption (f) .
[But since the late Act (g) the interest of the mortgagor
will escheat to the lord.]
21. Cestui que trust attainted for felony.- But a failure of inheritable blood might before 4th July, * 1870,
have happened (a), not only for want of an heir, (as
in the case of an illegitimate person dying without issue), but
through the corruption of blood caused by attainder, for petit
treason or murder; and in the case of such attainder, the question arose whether the trustee should hold against the
heir of the person attainted.
Under the system of uses
the heir could not sue his subpæna by reason of the corruption of blood (b) ; but trusts have since been administered on
(c) Id. 210.
(d) 1 Eden, 236.
(e) Id.
256 ;
and
see Viscount
406.
Downe v. Morris, 3 Hare, 394.
(f) Beale v . Symonds, 16 Beav.
[(g) 47 & 48 Vict. c . 71, s . 4.]
(a) See 33 & 34 Vict. c. 23 .
(6) Br. Feff. al. Us. 34; Cary, 14.
394