*306
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT .
2. Trustee may not invest on personal security.- It was the opinion of Lord Northington that a trustee might be justified N. J. Eq. 100 ; where a trustee is held liable for investments in personal securities, his liability ceases when the money is paid, whether the estate receives it or not ; Re Foster's Will, 15 Hun, 387; but though a trustee may lend on personal security, yet he cannot take the loan himself ; De Jarnette v. De Jarnette, 41 Ala. 708 ; and in many cases he is not allowed to use trust funds in manufacturing, and trade, any more than in speculation ; King v. Talbot, 40 N. Y. 96 ; Kyle v. Barnett, 17 Ala. 306 ; In re Thorp Daveis, 290 ; Brown v. Ricketts, 4 Johns. Ch. 303 ; and an oral request by testator that trustee should continue the business does not show sufficient authority; Raynes v. Raynes, 54 N. H. 201 ; a trustee exceeding his authority must bear all the losses and account for all the profits; Martin v. Raborn, 42 Ala. 648 ; or if he see his co-trustee do it he is liable ; Bates v. Underhill, 3 Redf. 365 ; a trustee, unless by special authority, should not continue a testator's business, but may do so at the request of all parties in interest without becoming liable for any losses accruing ; Poole v. Munday, 103 Mass. 174.
Courts may give directions as to investment ; Wheeler v. Perry, 18 N. H. 307; but powers must be strictly complied with : Foscue v. Lyon, 55 Ala. 440 ; Brown v. French, 125 Mass. 410; Wood v. Wood, 5 Paige, 599 ; Burrill v. Sheil, 2 Barb. 457 ; Ihmsen's App. 43 Pa. St. 471 ; if it is to be an investment on good and sufficient security, it must accord with the rules and orders of the court ; Nance v. Nance, 1 S. C. 209 ; Womack v. Austin, 1 S. C. 421; to invest at his "discretion" did not include personal securities ; Wormley v. Wormley, 8 Wheat. 421; power to loan in bank stocks does not include government bonds ; Banister v. McKenzie, 6 Munf. 447; good and sufficient securities include town loans ; McCall v. Peachy, 3 Munf. 288; but see Trustees v. Clay, 2 B. Mon. 386 ; trustees must obey if requested to invest in a particular manner ; McIntire v. Zanesville, 17 Ohio St. 352 ; and nothing will protect them from disregarding directions if there is a loss; Spering's App. 71 Pa. St. 11.
It has been said that the needs of the government led to the rule requiring investment in trust funds; Brown v. Wright, 39 Ga. 96 ; but the English rule has been modified in most of our states, with the exception of Pennsylvania and New York; Worrall's App. 41 Pa. St. 164 ; Hemphill's App. 18 Pa. St. 303; Morris v. Wallace, 3 Barr, 319 ; Ackerman v. Emott, 4 Barb. 626. It has been held that trustees might invest in confederate bonds prior to the downfall of the confederacy ; Watson v. Stone, 40 Ala. 451; Dockey v. McDowell, 41 Ala. 476; but not afterwards ; Snelling v. McCreary, 14 Rich. Eq. 291; if payment was received in money in common use the trustee was not responsible for the loss; Campbell v. Miller, 38 Ga. 304; Brown v. Wright; 39 Ga. 96 ; Davis v. Harman, 21 Gratt. 194; Dixon v. McCue, 21 Gratt. 373; Morgan v. Otey, 21 Gratt. 619 ; Walker v. Page, 21 Gratt. 636 ; Myers v. Zetelle, 21 Gratt. 733; Campbell v. Campbell, 22 Gratt. 649; Coltrane v. Worrell, 30 Gratt. 436; a guardian was held liable for investing in confederate bonds ; State v. Simpson, 65 N. C. 497 ; Alexander v. Summey, 66 N. C. 578 ; so of a trustee ; Creighton v. Pringle, 3 S. C. 78 ; Turner v. Turner, 36 Tex. 41; but see Singleton v. Lowndes, 9 S. C. 465 ; trustee may receive payment in money received by prudent men; Baird v. Hall, 67 N. C. 230; Barker v. McAuley, 4 Heisk. 424; if has kept the identical money may escape liability when he otherwise would not; Saunders v. Gregory, 3 Heisk. 424