*502
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE.

[CH. XIX.]

that is, " subject to the approbation of the Court," and then
apply by petition or summons at chambers for the Court's
sanction, and the practice is to direct an inquiry whether the
proposed purchase is fit and proper, and if so, whether a good
title can be made.
"As long," said Sir G. Jessel, " as an
estate is under the administration of the Court, the Court
does not allow a purchase or mortgage or any other investment to be made, without seeing to its safety.
The Court
has to protect the property for all claimants, and a reference
is made to ascertain the propriety of the investment, that is
to say, its propriety in all respects " (a) . And the practice
is not to inquire whether a good title can be made subject to
the conditions, but whether a good title can be made absolutely, and if in the course of investigation an objection to
the title arises, it is brought under the attention of the judge,
who then exercises his discretion (the whole title being before him), whether the objection can be waived with reasonable safety (b).
" Much too great laxity," observed V. C.
Wood, " has been gaining ground amongst the advisers of
those who have to manage trust property, and there is a disposition to rest satisfied with imperfect titles.
I cannot approve of such a practice, and cannot permit trustees to take
a defective title, even though it may be in accordance with
the contract " (c) .
10. How purchase will affect the interest of cestuis que
trust.- Trustees for purchase have to look not only
[*502] to the adequacy of * the value and the goodness of
the title, but also to the effect which the purchase
will have upon the relative interests of the cesťuis que trust.
Purchase of houses.- Thus where the property is directed
by the settlement to be held in trust for a person for
life with remainders over, a trustee might no doubt purchase an estate with a suitable house upon it, but (without saying that he could not legally do so) he ought not
to purchase
a house
merely.
This is a property of a

(a) Bethell v . Abraham, 17 L. R.
Eq. 27.
(b) Ex parte The Governors of
Christ's Hospital, 2 H. & M. 166.
(c) Ex parte The Governors of
Christ's Hospital, 2 H. & Μ. 168.
678