*193

[Сн. Х.

CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS.
covenant for that purpose, to produce them to the owners of
the other parts.
The real property commissioners, however,
observe, that previously to this case it had been supposed,
either that an original independent equity existed entitling
any party interested in a deed to call for its production by
any other person having the custody of it, or at least that
such an equity existed wherever the parties requiring the
production claimed under a person who had taken the precaution to procure a covenant for that purpose, and the person
having the actual custody of it derived that custody from or
through a person who had entered into such covenant (e) ;
upon which Lord St. Leonards observes, that the rule in
equity was never so universal as it is quoted in the first part
of the above statement, but that the second branch, stating
what at least the doctrine was, appears to be correct (f) .
It
is submitted that even where a vendor has taken no such
covenant from the purchaser, the vendor, and those claiming
under him, would have a right to production of the deeds as
common property.
28.

Constructive trustees from notice of the trust.
Constructive trusts are said also to arise where the trust estate
is converted by the trustee from one species of
[*193] property into another ; and again, where the trust
estate passes from the trustee into the hands of a volunteer
whether with or without notice, or of a purchaser for valuable consideration with notice; but as these are
cases rather of an existing trust continued and kept on foot
than of a new trust created, the consideration of these topics will be reserved to a subsequent part of the treatise.
In concluding the subject of trusts by operation of law, it
may be proper to offer a few remarks on the wording of the
Statute of Frauds (a) .
Statute of Frauds as affecting trusts by operation of law. By the eighth section it is enacted, that "where any conveyance or agreement in writing, or the performance thereof, is made necessary or required by any statute to be in writing, and such conveyance or agreement
or the performance thereof is not in writing, or in such form as the statute requires, then every person who may otherwise be entitled thereto shall nevertheless fail to maintain an action for the specific performance of such contract, or to enforce such
conveyance by virtue of any such contract, unless it can be
proved that the party against whom such enforcement is sought had actual notice of the terms thereof at the time when
such conveyance was made or such agreement was entered into" (b) .
29 Car. 2, c. 3.

(a) 29 Car. 2, с. 3.
266