CH. XIII .]
*265
LIABILITY OF
CO-TRUSTEES .
been established, that a trustee who joins in a receipt for
conformity, but without receiving, shall not be answerable
for a misapplication by the trustee who receives (b) .
Where
the administration of the trust is vested in co-trustees, a
receipt for money paid to the account of the trust must be
authenticated by the signature of all the trustees in their
joint capacity, and it would be tyranny to punish a trustee
for an act which the very nature of his office will not permit
him to decline .
3. But he must prove that he did not actually receive.- But
it lies upon a trustee who joins in a receipt to show that the
money acknowledged to have been received by all
was * in fact received by the other or others, and that [*265]
he himself joined only for conformity (a) .
In the absence of all evidence, the effect of a joint receipt is to charge
each of the trustees in solido , as if a mortgage be devised to
three trustees, and the mortgagor with his witness meets
them to pay it off, and the money is laid on the table, and
the mortgagor having obtained a reconveyance and receipt
for his money, withdraws, each of the trustees in this case
will be answerable for the whole (b). A joint receipt at law
is conclusive evidence that the money came to the hands of
both, but a Court of equity, which rejects estoppels and pursues truth, will decree according to the justice and verity
of the fact (c).
"Where," said Lord Cowper, " it cannot
(b) In re Fryer, 3 K. & J. 317 ;
Brice v . Stokes, 11 Ves. 324, per Lord
Eldon; Harden v. Parsons, 1 Eden,
147, per Lord Northington ; Westley
v. Clarke, 1 Eden, 359, per eundem ;
Heaton v . Marriot, cited Aplyn v .
Brewer, Pr. Ch. 173; Ex parte Belchier, Amb. 219, per Lord Hardwicke ;
Leigh v . Barry, 3 Atk. 584, per eundem ;
Fellows v.
Mitchell, 1 P. W. 81 ;
Gregory v . Gregory, 2 Y. & C. 316,
per Baron Alderson; Sadler v. Hobbs,
2 В. С. С. 117, per Lord Thurlow ;
Chambers v . Minchin, 7 Ves . 198, per
Lord Eldon; Lord Shipbrook v. Lord
Hinchinbrook,16Ves.479, per eundem;
Harrison v . Graham, 3 Hill's MSS.
239, per Lord Hardwicke, cited 1 P.
W. 241, 6th ed. note (y) ; Carsey v.
Barsham, cited Joy v. Campbell, 1
Sch . & Lef . 344, per eundem ; Anon.
case, Mosely, 35 ; Ex parte Wackerbath, 2 Gl . & J. 151.
[But see Re
Flower and the Metropolitan Board
of Works, 27 Ch . D. 592, where Kay,
J., seems to have entertained the opposite opinion ; and see post, p. 292.]
(a) Brice v. Stokes, 11 Ves . 234,
per Lord Eldon; and see Scurfield v.
Howes, 3 B. C. C. 95, Belt's Edition,
note (8) .
(b) Westley v. Clarke, 1 Eden, 359,
per Lord Henley.
(c) Harden v. Parsons, 1Eden, 147,
per eundem ; Wilson v. Keating, 4De
G. & J. 593, per Cur.