CH. VII . S. 1.]
TRUSTS FOR ACCUMULATION.
*89
to insist that the coming election shall be conducted on a
different principle; it would be a bold thing to
say, * that the parish of to-day could bind the parish
(*89]
of to-morrow to deviate from the original and legitimate mode (a) .
[Where an election had taken place, the Court, although
of opinion that the proceedings in vestry determining the
mode of election had been illegal and irregular, refused to
set the election aside, on the ground that there was no evidence that the election itselfhad beenimproperly conducted,
or that any voter had been prevented from recording his
vote (b).]
12.
Trusts
for
accumulation.
Again, upon
principles
founded on the Law of Tenure, the freehold in præsenti
must be vested in some person in esse ; but under the system of trusts, which are wholly independent of feudal rules,
a settlor may give directions for an accumulation of rents
and profits, and it does not vitiate the trust that there is no
ascertained owner of the equitable freehold in possession (c) .
Trusts for accumulation must not lead to a perpetuity.- But
trusts for accumulation must be confined within the limits
established against perpetuities.
A settlor is permitted (by
(a) See 2 Russ. 106 ; [Shaw v.
Thompson, 3 Ch . D. 233.]
[(b) Shaw v. Thompson, 3 Ch . D.
233.]
(c) See Fearne's C. R. by Butler,
537, note (r) ; [Abbiss v. Burney, 17
Ch. D. 211.]
Accumulations .
Trusts for accumulations must be kept within the
requirements of the rule regarding perpetuities, but aside from those, the
settlor may direct the disposition, or the accumulation of rents, profits and
all income, so as to cut off the beneficial enjoyment of the trust property, for
the same length of time that he can control the legal estate ; Killam v. Allen,
52 Barb. 605; Hillyard v. Miller, 10 Barr, 326 ; Hooper v. Hooper, 9 Cush .
122; Fosdick v. Fosdick, 6 Allen, 43 ; Thorndike v. Loring, 15 Gray, 391; if
a party, even though not in existence at the time, have a vested right of possession, then the length of time of accumulation is immaterial, the direction
to accumulate results rather in a restraint upon alienation, than a too lengthy
period of accumulation ; Gray on Perpetuities, 401; Otis v. Coffin, 7 Gray,
511; if the accumulation is a condition precedent, or for too long a time, the
provision is altogether void, as it cannot be varied; Gray on Perpetuities, 402 ;
Thorndike v . Loring, 15 Gray, 391;
if a bequest is properly made, with an
illegal direction to accumulate, the former may be held good, and the latter
declared void; Philadelphia v. Girard, 45 Pa. St. 1 ; Phelps v. Pond, 23 N. Y.
69; Craig v. Craig, 3 Barb. Ch. 76; Hawley v. James, 5 Paige, 318; but if the
gift takes effect only after the accumulation, they must stand or fall together;
121