CH. VI.

*83
INTENTION. SPECIAL CREDIT .
Under seal or not, cannot be enforced on the mere ground of
meritorious consideration (e) .

31. No trust unless there be an intention to create one . It is obviously essential to the creation of a trust, that there
should be the intention of creating a trust, and therefore if
upon a consideration of all the circumstances the Court is
of opinion that the settlor did not mean to create a trust, the
Court will not impute a trust where none in fact was contemplated (f) .
Field v. Lonsdale.-Thus, where a person, having deposited
in a savings bank as much money in his own name as the
rules allowed, deposited a further sum in his name as trustee
for his sister, but without making any communication to her ;
and it appeared that he made such deposit with a view of
evading the rules of the bank, and not to benefit his sister ;
and by the act of parliament he retained the control of the
fund; the Court held that no trust was created (g) .
So, if a
person indorse and hand over promissory notes with the intention of making a testamentary disposition, the transaction
does not create a trust inter vivos (h) .

32. Money scrivener.-As the business of a money scrivener is now almost obsolete, and the looking for and procuring investments for the money of clients on landed security
is now commonly transacted by solicitors, if a sum of
money be placed by a client in the hands of * a solici[*83]
tor for investment, the mere deposit will not per se
create the relation of trustee and cestui que trust between the
solicitor and the client (a) .

33. [Special credit.
A letter of advice that a special
credit for a particular sum has been opened with the person
writing the letter in favour of the person to whom the letter
(e) Jefferys v . Jefferys, 1 Cr. & Ph.
138; Antrobus v. Smith,12 Ves . 39;
Evelyn v. Templar, 2 B. С. С. 148;
Holloway v. Headington, 8 Sim. 324;
Joyce v . Hutton, 11 Ir. Ch. Rep. 123.
Ellis v. Nimmo, Lloyd & Goold, t.
Sugd. 333, must be considered as
overruled.
(f) See Gaskell v. Gaskell, 2 Y. &
J. 502; Hughes v. Stubbs, 1 Hare,
476 ; Smith v. Warde, 15 Sim . 56.
(g) Field v . Lonsdale, 13 Beav. 78 ;
and see Davies v. Otty, 33 Beav. 540.
(h) Re Patterson's Estate, 4 De G.
J. & S. 422; and see Kennard v. Kennard, 8 L. R. Ch. App. 230.
(a) Mare v. Lewis, 4 I. R. Eq. 219.