*618
CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS .
[CH. XXIII. S. 2 .
under the powers of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, it was held, that by the order the powers of
the trustee were not interfered with, except so far as the
exercise of them must necessarily clash with the particular
inquiries directed ; that it was the duty of the trustee not
to fill up the vacancies in the trusteeship without the approval of the Court ; and that the proper course would have
been for the trustee to apply in chambers, stating that he
intended to appoint the new trustee, and if it was found that
there was no objection to the appointment it would have
been approved (d) . ]
17. Acts before decree. -But if no decree has been made,
then, as the plaintiff may abandon his suit at any moment,
the trustee must not assume that a decree will be made, but
must proceed in all necessary matters with the due execution
of the trust (e) .
It would not be prudent, however, except
in formal matters, to act without first consulting
[*618] * the Court.
It was held in one case, that the trustees had not exceeded their duty by appointing new
trustees after the filing of a bill, as no extra costs had been
thereby occasioned (a) ; but in another case it was said that
the trustees ought, under the difficulties in which they were
placed, to have consulted the Court, and as, instead of so
doing, they had acted independently and made an appointment, which, though they entered into evidence they could
not justify, and great extra costs had arisen out of their conduct, the extra costs which had been occasioned were thrown
upon the trustees personally (b) .
18. Lord St. Leonards' Act.-In dealing with the subject
of the powers of trustees we should call attention to the
important enactment, 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 30, by which
trustees [were authorised to] apply by petition to any judge
[(d) Re Hall, 51 L. T. N. S. 901 ;
54 L. J. N. S. Ch. 527.]
(e) See Williams on Executors,
891, 4th ed.
(a) Cafe v. Bent, 3 Hare, 245 ;
[Thomas v. Williams, 24 Ch . D. 558 ,
567].
(b) Attorney-General v. Clack, 1
Beav. 467 ; and see Turner v. Turner,
30 Beav . 414; Talbot v. Marshfield,
4 L. R. Eq. 661, 3 L. R. Ch. App.
622 ; Bethell v. Abraham, 17 L. R. Eq.
24. 834