SIXTH SCHEDULE.

*173

Purchase in Name of a Child.

1. Advancement (c) ; but even here the right of the child is now indisputably established (d).
However, the advancement cannot be more extensive than the legal estate in the child (e) ;
and therefore the stranger, quatenus the legal estate vested in him, must hold upon
trust for the father (f).

2. Purchase of copyholds granted for lives successive.
It is the custom, in many manors, to make grants for lives successive.
Should a father pay a fine upon a grant to himself and his two sons, shall this be held an advancement or a
trust? Upon the difficulty of this case, Lord Chief Baron Eyre remarked, that "when the lessees where to take successivè, the father could not take the whole in his own name,
but must insert other names in the lease, and that there
might be many prudential reasons for putting in the life of
a child as trustee for him, in preference to any other person " (g) .
And in accordance with this reasoning was decided the case of Dickinson v. Shaw (h) ; but in Dyer v.
Dyer (i) the notion was overruled as savouring too much of
refinement ; and so at the present day it must be considered
as settled (j) .

3. Child already provided for.-It may happen, [*173]
that the child in whose name the purchase is taken
may have been already provided for, a circumstance of very
considerable weight in rebutting the presumption of further
advancement.
" The rule of equity," said Lord Chief Baron
Eyre, " as recognised in other cases, is, that the father is the
only judge on the question of a son's provision, and therefore
the distinction of the son being provided for or not is not
very solidly taken " (a).
However, the distinction has been
(c) See Hayes v. Kingdome,
1 Vern. 34.
(d) Lamplugh v. Lamplugh, 1 P.
W. 111 ; Kingdome
v.
Bridges,
2 Vern .
67.
[And see Re Eykyn's
Trusts, 6 Ch. D. 115.]
(e) See Rumboll v. Rumboll, 1
Eden, 17.
(f) See Kingdome v. Bridges, 2
Vern. 67 ; Lamplugh v. Lamplugh, 1
P. W. 112.
(g) Dyer v. Dyer, 2 Cox, 95 ; S. C.
1 Watk. Cop . 221 .
221.(h) Cited 2 Cox, 95 ; 1 Watk. Cop.
(i) 2 Cox, 92 ; 1 Watk. Cop. 216.
(j) Swift v . Davis, 8 East, 354,
note (a) ; Fearne's P. W. 327 ; Skeats
v. Skeats, 2 Y. & C. C. C. 9 ; Jeans v.
Cooke, 24 Beav. 513.
(a) Dyer v . Dyer, 2 Cox, 94 ; S. C.
1 Watk. Cop. 220 .
237