CH. IX. S. 2.

PURCHASE IN NAME OF A CHILD .

*176

of the same transaction (e), may properly be put in evidence
for the purpose of rebutting the presumption.
Thus it will
not be held an advancement, if, on a grant of copyholds to
a father and his son for their lives successive, the father at
the same Court surrenders the copyholds to the use of his
will (f), or obtains a license from the lord to lease for
years (g) , or takes possession by some overt act immediately
consequent upon the purchase (h), or serves a notice with
a view of taking possession, and then waives it and receives
the rents, &c. (i).

Evidence from parol declaration.-So the father may
prove a parol declaration of trust by himself, * either [*176]
before or at the time of the purchase, not that it operates by way of declaration of trust (for the Statute of Frauds
would interfere to prevent it); but as the trust would result
to the father, were it not rebutted by the sonship as a circumstance of evidence, the father may counteract that circumstance by the evidence arising from his parol declaration.
Of course the father cannot defeat the advancement by any
subsequent declaration of intention (a).
But his evidence
is admissible for the purpose of proving what was the intention at the time (b) .

607; Taylor v. Alston, cited 2Cox,96,
1 Watk. Cop . 223; Redington v. Redington, 3 Ridg. 177; Grey v. Grey, 2
Sw. 594; Rawleigh's case, cited Hard.
497; Baylis v. Newton, 2 Vern. 28 ;
Shales
v.
Shales,
2 Freem.
252 ;
Scawin v. Scawin, 1 Y. & C. С. С. 65;
Christy v. Courtenay, 13 Beav. 96.

(e) Redington
v. Redington,
3
Ridg. 196, per Lord Loughborough ;
Jeans v . Cooke, 24 Beav. 521, per M.
R.
S. 1.

(f) Prankerd v. Prankerd, 1 S. &
(g) Swift v. Davis, 8 East, 354.
note(a).

(h) Lord Eldon could scarcely
have meant more than this, when he
observed, " Possession taken by the
father at the time would amount to
such evidence."
Murless v. Franklin,
1 Sw. 17.

(i) Stock v. McAvoy, 15 L. R. Eq.
55.
In this case evidence was given
that the father said it should be his
son's after his own death, but V. C.
Wickens observed, " If the son is a
trustee at all, he is wholly a trustee,"
ib. 58.

(a) See Williams v . Williams, 32
Beav . 370 ; Elliot v. Elliot, 2 Ch. Ca.
231; Finch v. Finch, 15 Ves. 51;
Woodman v. Morrel, 2 Freem. 33 ;
Birch v. Blagrave, Amb. 266; Gilb .
Lex Præt. 271; Sidmouth υ.
Sidmouth, 2 Beav. 456; Skeats v. Skeats,
2 Y. & C. C. C. 9 ; Christy v. Courtenay, 13 Beav. 96 ; O'Brien v. Shiel, 7
I. R. Eq. 255.

(b) Devoy v. Devoy, 3 Sm. & G.
403.