CH . VIII . S. 1.

*120

IN WILLS .

and in one case " heirs of the body " was so construed, where
a testator had devised to the separate use of a feme covert for
life, so as she alone should receive the rent, and the husband
should not intermeddle therewith, and after her decease in
trust for the heirs of her body; for, from the limitation to
the heirs immediately after the wife's decease, coupled with
the direction that the husband should not intermeddle with
the estate, the Court collected the intention of excluding the
husband's curtesy, an object which could only be accomplished
by giving to " heirs of the body " the construction of words of
purchase (e) .

" A. and the heirs of his body, as counsel shall advise," &c. —
And a direction to settle on A. and the heirs of his body " as
counsel shall advise " (f), or "as the executors shall think
fit " (g), is strong collateral evidence, that something more
was intended than a simple estate tail.

Rule in Shelley's case not applicable where the life estate is
to the separate use.-Sir L. Shadwell thought that if a testator directed an estate to be settled on a feme covert for life,
for her separate use, and at her death on her issue, the feme
would not be tenant in tail, for the separate use requiring
the life estate to be vested in trustees (h), the equitable estate in the feme could not unite with the legal estate in the
issue, and therefore the rule in Shelley's case would not apply(i).

* Trevor v. Trevor.-Where the trust was to settle [*120]
on A. for life, without impeachment of waste, with remainder to his issue in tail male in strict settlement, the Court
directed the estates to be settled on A. for life, without impeachment of waste, with remainder to his sons successively
in tail male, with remainder to the daughters, as tenants in
common in tail male, with cross remainders in tail male, and

ance are not to be used, must be
plainly manifested by the first
instrument, and will not be assumed
merely because the trust is executory.
Sackville-West v. Viscount Holmesdale, 4 L. R. H. L. 555, per L. C.;
and see Duncan v. Bluett, 4 I. R. Eq.
469.

(e) Roberts v. Dixwell, 1 Atk. 607 ;
S. C. West's Rep. t. Lord Hardwicke,
536.

(f) White v. Carter, 2 Eden, 366 ;
reheard, Amb. 670.

(g) Read v. Snell, 2 Atk. 642 .

[(h) See now 45 & 46 Vict. c.
75, s. 1.]

(i) See Stonor v. Curwen, 5 Sim .
268 ; Earl of Verulam v. Bathurst, 13
163