CH. XVIII. S. 2.

*480 EXECUTORS' RECEIPTS .

then it seems to be established upon the authority of several cases that he may dispose of the chattel in payment of his own debt, for as soon as the debts and legacies of the testator have been discharged, the property is the executor's ; and how is a purchaser to ascertain, but from the mouth of the executor, whether such prior liabilities upon the estate have been fully satisfied ?

* Where the executor is specific legatee jointly with [*480] another, or subject to a charge.-But if the executor
is specific or residuary legatee, jointly with others, or subject
to certain charges under the will, then he has no power by
himself to offer the chattel in payment of his own debt.
For in what character does the executor sell ?
It must be
either as executor or as legatee : not as executor, for then
he cannot pay his own debt with the testator's assets ; and
not as legatee, for he is not exclusively such, but only jointly
with others, or subject to certain charges.
The creditor
therefore cannot deal for the chattel without the concurrence
of the co-legatees, or of the other persons jointly entitled (a) .
And the mere representation by the executor that he is absolute owner under the will is no protection, for common prudence requires that the purchaser should look to the will
himself and ascertain the fact; and if he neglect this precaution, and assume the executor's veracity, he must incur
the hazard of the executor's falsehood (b) .
Express notice that debts not paid. - The executor in his
character of specific or residuary legatee cannot pay or
secure the debt of his own creditor out of the testator's assets,
if such creditor have express notice that any debt of the testator still remains unsatisfied (c) .
y.
Sale by executor for other private purposes .- If the
executor sell or mortgage for money either advanced at the time or to be advanced, the dealing primâ facie is in a due
course of administration (d) .

" Where," observed Sir W. (a) Bonney v. Ridgard, 1 Cox. 145 ;
Hill v. Simpson, 7 Ves. 152, see 170;
and see Haynes v. Forshaw, 11 Hare,
93.

(b) Hill v. Simpson, 7 Ves. 152,
see 170.

(c) See Nugent v. Gifford, 1 Atk.
464; Whale v. Booth, 4 T. R. 625,
note (a) ; M'Leod v. Drummond, 17
Ves. 163.

(d) M'Leod v. Drummond, 17 Ves.
155, per Lord Eldon.
649