*228
[CH. XII. S. 2.
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
12. What expressions will or will not exclude the trust
estate.- The expression " my real estates" will not restrict
the meaning to those vested in the testator beneficially (g) , nor will a devise to A., his heirs and assigns, " to and for his and their own use and benefit" (a), nor a devise to A. and her heirs, to be disposed of by her by will or otherwise, as she may think fit (b) : though under a devise to a woman for her separate use, as the words import a beneficial enjoyment, a dry legal estate will not pass (c) ; but a devise to a woman, " her heirs and assigns, for her and their own sole and absolute use," expresses only the absolute interest, and does not create a separate estate (d) .
Whether a residuary devise of lands to persons as tenants
in common in equal shares, will pass a trust estate, has never
been expressly decided, but a judicial opinion has been expressed that such a devise would not pass a dry trust estate (e) .
A devise to the testator's nephews and nieces share and share
alike as tenants in common, and not as joint-tenants, as the
class is unascertained at the date of the will, does not pass
a trust estate (f).
And if the devise be for A. for life or in
tail, with remainders over, in strict settlement, the trust
estate will not pass (g) .
" Where there is a limitation of
real estate," said Lord Eldon, "in strict settlement, with a
vast number of limitations, contingent remainders, executory
devises, powers of jointuring, leasing, and raising sums of
money, it is impossible to say the intention could be to give
a dry trust estate " (h) .
Price, 78 ; Ex parte Brettel, 6 Ves.
577.
(g) Braybroke v. Inskip,8 Ves.425.
(a) Ex parte Shaw, 8 Sim . 159 ;
Bainbridge v. Lord Ashburton, 2 Y.
& C. 347 ; Sharpe v. Sharpe, 12 Jur.
598; and compare Ex parte Brettel, 6
Ves. 577, with Braybroke v. Inskip, 8
Ves . 434.
(b) Ex parte Shaw, 8 Sim . 159.
(c) Lindsell v. Thacker, 12 Sim .
178.
The marginal note of the Report is quite contrary to the decision.
(d) Lewis v. Mathews, 2 L. R. Eq.
177.
(e) Martin v. Laverton, 9 L. R. Eq.
568, per V.C. Malins ; and see cases
there referred to;
[Re Morley's Trust, 10 Hare, 293.]
(f) Re Finney's Estate, 3 Giff.
465.
(g) Thompson v. Grant, 4 Madd.
438; Re Horsfall, 1 Maclel. & Younge,
292; Galliers v. Moss, 9 B. & C. 267;
Ex parte Bowes, cited in Mr. Sanders's note to Casborne v. Scarfe, 1
Atk. 603.
(h) Braybroke v. Inskip, 8 Ves.
434.
314