ΤΟ ΡΑΥMENT OF INTEREST.

*339

3. After payment of debts and legacies executor must account for surplus.
After payment of debts and legacies, if the executor or administrator be guilty of laches in accounting for the surplus estate to the residuary legatee (d) or next of kin (e), he will be charged by the Court with interest for the balance improperly retained.

4. Trustees under bankruptcy must not neglect to pay dividends.
So, if the trustee of a bankrupt's estate neglects to pay a dividend to the creditors (f), or the receiver of an estate does not move the Court in proper time to have the rents in his hands made productive (a), they will be ordered to account for the money with interest from the time when the breach of duty commenced.

5. No excuse that the trustee or executor did not use the money.
And an executor or other fiduciary cannot excuse himself by saying that he made no actual use of the money, but lodged it at his bankers (b), and to a separate account (c), for it was a breach of trust to retain the money.

6. Delay may be explained by the mistake of the trustee or executor.
-But, where an executor conceived himself to be entitled to the residue, and the Court considered his claim to be just in itself, but was obliged from a particular circumstance in the case to give judgment against him, it was thought too severe to put him in the situation of one who (d) Forbes v. Ross, 2 Cox, 113 ;
Seers v. Hind, 1Ves. jun. 294; Younge
v. Combe, 4 Ves. 101 ; Longmore v.
Broom, 7 Ves . 124; Rocke v . Hart,
11 Ves . 58 ; Piety v. Stace, 4 Ves .
620; Ashburnham v. Thompson, 13
Ves . 402; Raphael v . Boehm, 11 Ves .
92; S. C. reheard, 12 Ves . 407 ; S. C.
spoken to, 11 Ves . 590 ; Dornford v.
Dornford, 12 Ves. 127; Franklin v.
Frith , 3 B. C. C. 433 ; Littlehales v .
Gascoyne, 3 B. C. C. 73 ; Newton v.
Bennet, 1 В. С. С. 359 ; Lincoln v.
Allen, 4 B. P. C. 553 ;
Crackelt v.
Bethune, 1 J. & W. 586 ; Tebbs v.
Carpenter, 1 Mad. 290.

(e) Hall v. Hallet, 1 Cox, 134;
Perkins v . Baynton, 1 B. С. С. 375 ;
Stacpoole v. Stacpoole, 4 Dow, 209,
see 224; Heathcote v. Hulme, 1 J. &
W.
122;
Holgate
v. Haworth, 17
Beav. 259 .

(f) Treves v. Townshend, 1 B. C.
C. 384; In re Hilliard, 1 Ves. jun .
89; Hankey v. Garrett, 1 Ves. jun .
236 .

(a) Foster v. Foster, 2 B. С. С.
616; Hicks v. Hicks, 3 Atk. 274.

(b) Younge v. Combe, 4 Ves. 101 ;
Franklin v. Frith, 3 B. С. С. 433 ;
Treves v . Townshend, 1 В. С. С. 384 ;
In re Hilliard, 1 Ves . jun. 89 ; Dawson v. Massey, 1 B. & B. 230 ; Browne
v. Southouse, 3 B. C. C. 107 ; and see
Rocke v . Hart, 11 Ves . 60.

(c) Ashburnham v. Thompson, 13
Ves . 402.

469