LEASES OF CHARITY LANDS.

546
ence to very particular circumstances ; the ordinary husbandry lease is for twenty-one years (c) .

56. Leases determinable on lives.- In Attorney-General v. Cross (d) , the trustees had been in the habit of granting leases for ninety-nine years, determinable on lives, in consideration of fines and the reservation of a small rent, a mode of letting very general in the county where the lands were situated, and which was proved to have been adopted by the founder himself. A bill was filed to set aside such a lease, but Sir W. Grant said, " I am not aware of any principle or authority on which it can be held that such a lease is on the very face of it a breach of trust.
The legislature has, both in enabling and disabling statutes, * considered [*546] leases for three lives as on a footing with leases for twenty-one years absolute .
So have the founders of charities, who prohibited the letting on lease for more than three lives, or twenty-one years."
And his Honour dismissed the bill, and allowed the trustees their costs out of the charity estate.

57. Leases for lives.-In a later case, where charity lands had for two hundred years been let for lives upon a fine or foregift at a small reserved rent, Lord Langdale said there was no principle that a lease of a charitable estate for lives was, on the face of it, a breach of trust; and as there appeared no other ground of invalidating the leases, he refused to set them aside (a) .

58. Building leases.-Building leases should be for a term not exceeding sixty, or ninety, or ninety-nine years (b) .
If granted for a longer period, it would be thrown upon the parties to show the reasonableness of the prolonged term from the particular circumstances of the case.

59. Founder's intention.
What has been said as to the proper duration of leases is of course only applicable where
(c) Attorney-General v. Owen, 10 Ves. 560, per Lord Eldon; and see
Attorney-General v. Griffith, 13 Ves. 575;
Attorney-General v. Backhouse, 17 Ves. 291;
Attorney-General v. Brooke, 18 Ves. 326;
Attorney-General v. Lord Hotham, T. & R. 216;
Attorney-General v. Kerr, 2 Beav. 421;
Attorney-General v. Hall, 16 Beav. 388 .
(d) 3 Mer. 524; see pp. 530, 539.
(a) Attorney-General v. Crook, 1 Keen, 121, see 126.
(b) See Attorney-General v. Owen,
10 Ves. 560;
Attorney-General
v. Backhouse, 17 Ves. 291 ;
AttorneyGeneral v. Foord, 6 Beav. 290.

741