TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST .
*283
were vested in A. and his heirs upon trust for B. and his
heirs, and B. died without an heir, the equitable interest in
this case could neither escheat to the lord (f) ; nor, if the
trust were created by conveyance from B., whose seisin or
title was ex parte paterna, could the lands, upon failure of
heirs in that line, descend to the heir of B. ex parte materna (g) : but the trustee, no person remaining to sue a
subpæna, retained, as the legal proprietor, the beneficial enjoyment (h) .
(But now where the death occurs since the
14th August, 1884, the law of escheat applies in the same
manner as if the interest had been a legal estate in corporeal
hereditaments (i) .]
* 19. Onslow v. Wallis.-If an estate be held by [*283]
A. upon trust for B., and B. dies without leaving an
heir, but having devised the estate to C. and D. upon trusts
which fail or do not exhaust the beneficial interests, A. cannot insist on retaining the estate upon offering to satisfy the
charges, if any, but will be bound to convey the estate to C.
and D. as the nominees in the will and so entitled as against
A., the bare trustee, and the Court as between those parties
will not inquire into the nature of the trust or how far it can
be executed (a) .
20. Purchaser dying without heir after payment of purchasemoney, and before conveyance.
In Burgess v. Wheate, Sir
Thomas Clarke, M. R., put the case of a purchaser paying
the consideration money, and then dying without an heir
before the execution of the conveyance.
Whether under
such circumstances the vendor should keep both the estate
and the money ?
The M. R. thought that the vendor would
keep the estate, but that the purchaser's personal representative would have a lien upon it for the purchase-money (b) .
(f) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,
177.
But as to a surplus dividend in
the hands of trustees for creditors,
see Wild v. Banning, 12 Jur. N. S.
464.
(g) See 1 Eden, 186, 216, 256.
(h) Taylor v. Haygarth, 14 Sim . 8 ;
Davall v. New River Company, 3 De
G. & Sm. 394; Cox v. Parker, 22
Beav. 168 ; Barrow v. Wadkin, 24
Beav. 9; and see Attorney-General v.
Sands, Hard. 496 ; Cary, 14 ; Burgess
v. Wheate, 1 Eden, 212, 213, 253.
[(i) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 71, s. 4.]
(a) Onslow v . Wallis, 1 Mac. & G.
506; and see Jones v. Goodchild, 3 P.
W. 33.
(b) 1 Eden, 211, per Sir T. Clarke.
393