*122
[CH. VIII. S. 1 .
EXECUTORY TRUSTS

the trustee was the "settlor" within the meaning of the
32nd section, and had the power to appoint a protector ; and
as he did not desire it, the Court, unless there were good
reasons to the contrary, would not control his discretion ;
that a protector under the Act was an irresponsible person,
and was at liberty to act from caprice, ill-will, or any bad
motive, and might even take a bribe for consenting to bar
the entail, without being amenable to the Court, and therefore, on the whole, it was better not to clog the settlement
with a protector (d) .

20. Gravelkind lands.- Where gravelkind lands are the
subject of the executory trust, the circumstance of the custom will not prevent the settlement being made upon
[*122] the first and other sons successively, for * the heirs
take not by custom, but under the construction of
a Court of Equity, which must be guided by the rules of
the Common Law (a) .

21. Where the testator directs a settlement, but formally
declares the limitations.-Where the Court enlarges and rectifies the will it does so on the ground of the limitations
having been imperfectly declared; but if a testator direct a
settlement, and be his own conveyancer, that is, declare the
limitations himself, intending them to be final, the hands of
the Court are bound, and the words must be taken in their
natural sense (b).

Thus where a testator devised to A. for
life without impeachment of waste, remainder to trustees to
preserve contingent remainders, remainder to the heirs of
the body of A., remainders over, and then directed the residue of his personal estate to be laid out in the purchase of
lands, and declared that the lands when purchased " should
remain and continue to, for, and upon such and the like
estate or estates, uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, and
under and subject to the like charges, restrictions, and limitations, as were by him before limited, and declared of and
concerning his lands and premises thereinbefore devised, or

(d) Banks v. Le Despencer, 11 Sim. 508 .
(a) Roberts v. Dixwell, 1 Atk. 607.
(6) Franks v. Price, 3 Beav. 182 ;
and see Rochford v. Fitzmaurice, 1
Conn. & Laws. 173; 2 Drur. & War.
21; Doncaster v. Doncaster, 3 Kay
& J. 26.