*539
[Сн. ХХІ.
TRUSTEES OF
CHARITIES .
provided for, the Court in a special case made repairs and
improvements out of the capital, without any direction for
recouping the capital out of the income (d) .
31. Augmentation of salaries.- Where the direction of the
founder was that the master of a school should receive 50l. a
year, and the usher 30l., and the trustees had raised the
salaries respectively to 80l. and 60l., as the will did not contain any prohibition against increasing the salaries, and it
could not be supposed that the trustees were not under any
circumstances to alter the amount, the Court refused to compel the trustees to refund the augmentations (e) .
32. Reduction of salaries.-And, vice versa, if a fund be
given, not for the purposes of individual benefit, but for the
discharge of certain duties, as for the support of a schoolmaster, and the fund increases to such an extent as to yield
more than a reasonable compensation for the duties to be
performed, the Court will not allow the surplus to be expended unnecessarily, but will order it to be applied for the
promotion of some other charitable purpose (f) .
33. Loans.
Legacies had been left by several different
testators (between the years 1545 and 1666) for the purpose
of being lent out in sums varying from 51. to 200l. without
interest ; and Sir J. Leach was of opinion, that, regard
[*539] being had to the alteration in the value of * money,
it was not inconsistent with the intention of the testators to raise the loans to sums varying from 100l. to
500l. (a) .
34.
" Parishioners."-Where the trust was to elect children,
who or whose parents were parishioners of a certain parish,
to Christ's Hospital, it was held by V. C. Malins, that the
word " parishioner " must be taken in an honest and bonâ
fide sense, and could not be applied to a person who had
taken a small house temporarily for the mere purpose of ob(d) Re Willenhall Chapel, 2 Dr.
& Sm. 467 .
(e) Attorney-General v. Dean of
Christchurch, 2 Russ . 321 .
(f) Attorney-General v. Master of
Brentwood School, 1 M. & Κ. 376,
394.
(a) Attorney-General v. Mercers'
Company, 2 Μ. & Κ. 654; and see
Attorney-General v. Holland, 2 Y. &
C. 683; Morden College case, cited
Ib . 701, 702.
732