CH. XXIII. S. 1.
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*598

Any action or suit, or interfere in any other legal proceeding,
without first consulting the Court as to the propriety of so
doing (c) : a trustee for sale cannot sell (d) : the committee
of a lunatic cannot make repairs (e) : an executor cannot pay
debts (f) , or deal with the assets for the purpose of investment (g) .
But an executor as to a chattel, not the subject
of the suit specifically, can after decree give a good title to a
bonâ fide purchaser not having actual notice of the lis pendens (h) , and it is presumed that he can equally, where there
is no receiver appointed, sign a valid receipt for any part of
the testator's personal estate.
But where an administration
action has been heard on further consideration, and no subsequent further consideration has been reserved, but general
liberty to apply has been given, trustees may exercise their
powers without obtaining the sanction of the Court.1

60. Case of suit and no decree.-An action in which a writ
merely has been issued is distinguishable from one in which
a decree has been made, for until decree the plaintiff may
dismiss his action at any moment, and should he do so, the
progress of the trust may have been arrested for no purpose (i) .
However, even in this case the trustees cannot be
advised to act without first consulting the Court, and if by
acting independently of the Court expenses be incurred which might have
been avoided had the [*598]
(c) See Jones v . Powell, 4 Beav.
96.
The court is sometimes
reluctant to give leave to
institute
or
defend a suit, but holds out that if
the trustee or executor acts bonâ fide
the Court will protect him.
The
reason
for
this
disinclination
no
doubt is that the application to the
Court is ex parte, and is sometimes
made a vehicle for multiplying costs.
However, the Court frequently gives
such leave, and a trustee or executor
cannot be advised to commence or
defend a suit without, at least, submitting the case to the Court, though
no order may be made.
(d) Walker v. Smalwood, Amb.
676; Annesley v. Ashurst, 3 P. W.
282.
(e) Anon. case, 10 Ves. 104.
(f) Mitchelson v. Piper, 8 Sim .
64; King v . Roe, L. J. May, 27, 1858 ;
Irby v. Irby, 24 Beav. 525 ; and see
Jackson v . Wooley, 12 Sim . 13.
(g) Widdowson v. Duck, 3 Mer.
494; Bethell v. Abraham, 17 L. R.
Eq. 24.
(h) Berry v . Gibbons, 8 L. R. Ch
App. 747.
(i) Cafe v . Bent, 3 Hare, 249 ;
Neeves v. Burrage, 14 Q. B. 504.
1Re Mansel, 52 L. T. N. S. 806 ; 33 W. R. 727 ; 54 L. J. Ch . 883 .
807