CH.V. S. 1.

*52
TRUSTS AT COMMON LAW.

3. Nor be repugnant to the scope of the instrument.-And
averment is excluded, if from the nature of the instrument or
any circumstance of evidence appearing on the face of it, an
intention of making the legal holder the beneficiary also, can
be clearly implied.
Thus a trust cannot be averred,
where a valuable * consideration is paid (a) ; and if a
[*52]
pension from the Crown be granted to A., a trust cannot be raised by parol in favour of B.; for a pension is conferred upon motives of honour, and the inducements to the
bounty are the personal merits of the annuitant (6) .

4. Trusts not averrable where deed required to pass the legal
estate.-It was a principle of uses that, on afeoffment, which
could be made by parol, a use might be declared by parol,
but where a deed was necessary for passing the legal estate,
there the use which was engrafted could not be raised by
averment (c) .1
As trusts have been modelled after the
likeness of the use (d), the distinction at the present day
may deserve attention.
It is laid down by Duke expressly,
that, where the things given may pass without deed there a
charitable use may be averred by witnesses ; but, where the
things cannot pass without deed, there charitable uses cannot
be averred without a deed proving the use (e). And Lord
Thurlow, it is probable, alluded to the same distinction when
he observed, " I have been accustomed to consider uses as
averrable, but perhaps, when looked into, the cases may
relate to feoffment, not to conveyances by bargain and sale,
or lease and release " (f).
And in Adlington v. Cann (g),
where a testator devised the legal estate in lands to A. and

(a) See Gilb. on Uses, 51, 57 ; Pilkington v. Bayley, 7 B. P. C. 526.
(b) Fordyce v. Willis, 3 B. C. С. 587.
(c) Gilb. on Uses, 270.
(d) See Fordyce v. Willis,3 В. С. С.
587; Lloyd v. Spillet, 2 Atk. 150;
Attorney-General v. Lockley,Append.
to Vend. & Purch. No. 16, 11th ed.;
Chaplin v. Chaplin, 3 P. W. 234 ;
Attorney-General
v.
Scott, Cas.
t.
Talb. 139 ;
Burgess
v. Wheate,
1
Eden. 195, 217, 248; Geary v. Bearcroft, Sir O. Bridg. 488.
587.
(e) Duke, 141.
(f) Fordyce v. Willis, 3 B. С. С.
(g) 3 Atk. 141.
1 Simms v. Smith, 11 Ga. 198; Lloyd v. Inglis, 1 Des . 333 ; Steere v. Steere,
5 Johns . Ch. 1 ; 9 Am. Dec. 256; Dean v. Dean, 6 Conn . 285 ; Philbrook v.
Delano, 29 Me. 410; Squires's App. 70 Pa. St. 266 ; Hutchinson v. Tindall, 2
Green. Ch. 257 ; Strong v . Glasgow,2 Murph . 289 ; Leman v. Whitley, 4 Russ .
423; Harris v. Barnett, 3 Gratt. 339.
63