*533
[Сн. ХХІ.
TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES .
which the parish was not bound to afford (a) : besides, the
appropriation of the fund to the poor not in receipt of
parochial relief might still have the effect of conferring a
benefit on the rich ; for persons who could not otherwise
have maintained themselves might, by means of the charity,
be prevented from seeking assistance from the rate (b).
However, it has been determined in several
cases, and
seems , therefore, to be now settled, that the charity must be
confined to those not in receipt ofparochial relief(c) (1).

*14.
Trust for maintaining " the worship of God."
[*533]
If land or money be given for maintaining “ the worship of God " (a) , or the promotion of " Godly learning " (b),
(a) Attorney-General v. Corporation of Exeter, 2 Russ. 51-54.
(b) See S. C. 3 Russ . 397.
(c) Attorney-General v. Corporation of Exeter, 2 Russ. 47;
S. C. 3
Russ. 359; Attorney-General v. Wilkinson, 1 Beav. 372; Attorney-General v. Bovill, M. R. 1 July, 1839.
But see Attorney-General v. Bovill, 1
Ph. 768, where Lord Cottenham is
reported to have said, " I am inclined
to think that the right course is, to
administer the charity, and leave to
chance to what extent it may operate
to the relief of the poor-rates ."
The
decree, however, seems in the main
to be in accordance with the previous
decisions; and see Attorney-General
v. Blizard, 21 Beav. 233.
(a) Attorney-General v. Pearson, 3
Mer. 409.
(b) Re Ilminster School, 2 De G.
& J. 535.

(1) 59 G. 3, c. 12.- As to parish property; by the effect of the decisions
on 59 Geo . 3, c. 12, s. 17, all hereditaments belonging to the parish at the time
of the Act, or subsequently acquired, whether for a chattel (Alderman v.
Neate, 4 M. & W. 704) or freehold interest, and though originally conveyed to
express trustees for parish purposes, if it be unknown or uncertain in whom
the legal estate is vested (Doe v. Hiley, 10 B. & C. 885 ; and see Churchwardens of Deptford v. Sketchley, 8 Q. B. 394), or generally where it is unascertained in whom the legal estate is outstanding, but the parish have exercised
all the rights of ownership, and the property belongs to them in the popular
sense (Doe v. Terry, 4 Ad. & Ell. 274; Doe v. Cockell, Ib. 478) , are now
transferred to the churchwardens and overseers of the parish, not indeed as
a corporation and having a common seal (Ex parte Annesley, 2 Y. & C. 350),
but as persons taking, by parliamentary succession, in the nature of a corporation (Smith v. Adkins, 8 M. & W. 362) .
The Act does not extend to copyholds (Attorney-General v. Lewin, 8 Sim.
366; In re Paddington Charities, Ib. 629) , nor to freeholds of which the trusts
are not exclusively for the parish, but also embrace other objects (Allason v.
Stark, 9 Ad. & Ell. 255 ; Attorney-General v. Lewin, 8 Sim. 366 ; In re Paddington Charities, Ib. 629) ; nor to lands vested in existing trustees, and who
are actually in discharge of their duties in that character (Churchwardens of
Deptford v. Sketchley, 8 Q. B. 394, overruling Rumball v. Munt, Ib. 382 ; and
see Goulsworth v. Knight, 11 M. & W. 337) .
However, though all the trusts
must be for the parish, they may be directed to some special trust, if exclu