CH . XXIII . S. 2.
*625

Remedy provided by Settled Land Act, 1884.-It is not proposed, however, to discuss what consents were required
under the section, as the inconveniences which arose from
requiring any consents were found to be so serious, that the
legislature intervened, and enacted by the Settled Land Act,
1884, sect. 6, sub-sect. (1), that in the case of a settlement
within the meaning of sect. 63 of the Act of 1882, any consent not required by the terms of the settlement is not, by
force of anything contained in that Act, to be deemed necessary to enable the trustees of the settlement, or any
other person, to execute any of the trusts or *powers [*625]
created by the settlement.
And by sub-sect. (3), the
section applies to dealings before, as well as after, the passing
of the Act.
But sect. 7 provides that, with respect to the
powers conferred by sect. 63 of the Act of 1882, the following provisions are to have effect : :(1). Those powers are not to be exercised without the
leave of the Court.
(2). The Court may by order, in any case in which it
thinks fit, give leave to exercise all or any of those powers,
and the order is to name the person or persons to whom leave
is given.
(3) . The Court may from time to time rescind, or vary,
any order made under this section, or may make any new or
further order.
(4) . So long as an order under this section is in force,
neither the trustees of the settlement, nor any person other
than a person having the leave, shall execute any trust or
power created by the settlement, for any purpose for which
leave is, by the order, given to exercise a power conferredby
the Act of 1882 .
(5). An order under this section may be registered and
reregistered, as a lis pendens, against the trustees of the settlement named in the order, describing them on the register
as
" Trustees for the purposes of the Settled Land Act,
1882."
(6). Any person dealing with the trustees from time to
time shall be deemed to have notice of any such order.