*417
[CH. XVII . S. 3.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
time, to have the portion raised.
Lord King dismissed the
bill, on the ground that the maintenance was not to be raised
until the estate of the trustees came into possession, and " it
was absurd to say that the portion should be raised first, and
the maintenance money paid afterwards."
In Stevens v. Dethick (b) the estate was limited to Dethick
for life, remainder to his wife for life, remainder to his first
and other sons in tail, remainder to trustees for 500 years,
to raise portions for daughters payable at twenty-one or marriage, with a direction that the daughters should have maintenance out of the premises comprised in the term " and that
the residue of the rents, issues, and profits above such yearly
maintenance should in the meantime, till the portions became
payable, be received by such persons as should be entitled to
the reversion expectant upon the determination of the said
term."
Lord Hardwicke considered the latter clause to show
an intention, that the maintenance money and therefore also
the portion itself was not to be raised until the term fell into
possession.
He therefore dismissed the bill filed by the only
daughter after the death of her mother, but in the lifetime
of her father.
[*417]
* In Massy v. Lloyd (a) the estate was limited to
trustees for 999 years upon trust for the wife for her
life, and after her decease upon trust to pay an annuity to
the husband, and to apply the residue of the rents during the
husband's life, as the wife should appoint (a power which
was executed), and on the death of the survivor of the husband and wife to raise 15,000l. for younger children's portions, and subject as above the estate was settled on the first
and other sons in tail.
The wife died, and it was held that
the portions were not raisable during the life of the husband.
The case was a very special one, but the argument that
chiefly prevailed was based upon the fact that all the rents ,
issues, and profits during the lifetime of the husband had been
expressly disposed of otherwise .
5. Hitherto we have adverted only to the question whether
(b) 3 Atk. 39 ; and see Reynolds v.
Meyrick, 1 Eden,48. But see Cotton
v. Cotton, 3 Y. & C. 149, note.
(a) 10 H. L. Cas. 248; 11 Ir. Eq.
Rep. 429; 12 Ir. Eq. Rep. 298.