CH. XIV . S. 5.
*344

ΤΟ PAYMENT OF INTEREST .

charged with compound interest. - If a
testator expressly directs an accumulation to be made, and the executor having
the money in his hands disregards the injunction it seems
compound interest will be decreed (c) .
" Where there is an
express trust," said Lord Eldon, " to make improvement of
the money, if he will not honestly endeavour to improve it,
there is nothing wrong in considering him, as to the principal, to have lent the money to himself, upon the same terms
upon which he could have lent it to others, and as often as
he ought to have lent it if it be principal, and as often as he
ought to have received it, and lent it to others, if the demand
be interest, and interest upon interest " (d) .
[If the accumulation be directed only during the minority of the cestui que
trust with a direction to hand the fund over to him on his
attaining 21 , and the trustee after the determination of the
minority, in lieu of paying over the trust funds, retains them
uninvested or improperly invested, the trustee will be charged
with compound interest (e) . ]
18. Executor not charged with interest during first year from
testator's death .
An executor will not in general be charged
with interest but from the end of a year from the time of the
testator's decease.
" It frequently," said Lord Thurlow,
"may be necessary for an executor to keep large sums in his
hands, especially in the course of the first year after the
decease of the testator, in which case such necessity is so
fully acknowledged, that, according to the constant course
of the Court, the fund until that time is not considered distributable.
After that, if the Court observes that an executor keeps money in his hands without any apparent reason,
but merely for the purpose of using it, then it becomes negligence and a breach of trust, the * conse- [* 344]
quence of which is that the Court will charge the
executor with interest " (a) .
(c) Raphael v. Boehm, 11 Ves. 92 ;
13 Ves . 407, 590 ; Dornford v. Dornford, 12 Ves. 127; Brown v. Sansome,
1 M'Clel. & Younge, 427 ; Knott v.
Cottee, 16 Beav. 77 ; Pride v . Fooks ,
2 Beav. 430 ; Wilson v . Peake, 3 Jur.
N. S. 155.
(d) Raphael v. Boehm, 11 Ves.
107; and see S. C. 13 Ves . 411.
[(e) Re Emmet's Estate, 17 Ch.
D. 142.]
(a) Forbes v .Ross, 2 Cox, 115 ; and
see the observations of Sir A. Hart,
in Flanagan v. Nolan, 1 Moll. 85;
475