CH. VIII. S. 2.

IMPLIED TRUSTS .

A preference, " and the Court could not determine whether
heirs were intended, or next of kin, or both (f) .

"Relations."-Again, a residuary estate was bequeathed to
A., with a recommendation that she would " consider the
testator's relations ."
Sir A. Hart asked, Who were the
objects of the trust? Did the testator mean relations at
his own death, or at A.'s death?
Did he mean that she
should have the liberty of executing the trust the
*day after his death ?
And his Honour was of [*134]
opinion that no trust could attach (a).
But there
can be no uncertainty of the objects where such a trust is to
be executed by will, for then those who answer the description at the death of the donee of the power must be the
parties contemplated (b) .

6. Uncertainty of the subject matter .-The Court has refused to establish the trust from the uncertainty of the subject (that is, of the property claimed to be bound by the
trust), where the recommendation was to " consider certain
persons " (c), " to be kind to them " (d), " to remember
them " (e), " to do justice to them " (f), "to make ample
provision for them " (g), " to use the property for herself and
her children, and to remember the church of God and the
poor " (h), " to give what should remain at his death, or
what he should die seised or possessed of " (i), " to finally
(f) Meredith v. Heneage, 1 Sim.
542, see 558, 559, 565; but see Wright
v. Atkyns, G. Coop . 119.

(a) Sale v. Moore, 1 Sim. 534, see
540; and see Macnab v. Whitbread,
17 Beav. 299; but see Wright v. Atkyns, G. Coop. 119-123.

(6) Pierson v. Garnet, 2 BВ. С. С.
38; S. C. id. 226 ; Atkyns v. Wright,
17 Ves . 255; S. C. 19 Ves . 299 ; S. C.
G. Coop . 111; and see S. C. T. & R.
162; Knight v. Knight, 3 Beav. 173 ;
Meredith v. Heneage, 1 Sim. 558.

(c) Sale v. Moore, 1 Sim.534; and
see Hoy v. Master, 6 Sim. 568.

(d) Buggins v. Yates, 9 Mod. 122.

(e) Bardswell v. Bardswell, 9 Sim .
319.

(f) Le Maitre v. Bannister, Pr.
Ch. 200, note (1) ; Pope v. Pope, 10
Sim. 1; Ellis v. Ellis, 44 L. J. N. S.
Ch . 225;
[Cole v. Hawes, 4 Ch. D.
238.]

(g) Winch v . Brutton, 14 Sim. 379;
Fox v. Fox, 27 Beav. 301.

(h) Curtis v . Rippon, 5 Mad. 434.

(i) Sprange v. Barnard, 2 B. С. С.
585; Green v. Marsden, 1 Drew, 646;
Pushman v . Filliter, 3 Ves. 7; Wilson
v. Major, 11 Ves . 205 ; Eade v. Eade,
5 Mad. 118; Wynne v . Hawkins, 1
В. С. С. 179 ; Lechmere v. Lavie, 2
Μ. & Κ. 197; Bland v. Bland, 2 Cox,
349; Attorney-General v . Hall, Fitzg .
314; and see Meredith v. Heneage, 1
Sim . 556 ; Tibbits v. Tibbits, 19 Ves .
664; Pope v. Pope, 10 Sim. 1 .