CH. XII . S. 2. ]
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
*229
13. Distinction as to legal estate in mortgages.-The question whether the legal estate in a mortgage in fee passes by a
general devise in the will of the mortgagee, stands on a different footing.
The mortgagee has a beneficial interest in the
property as a security, a distinction not always sufficiently
adverted to, but which is strongly in favour of the legal
estate passing to the person who is to receive the mortgage
money (i) .
It is clear that the legal estate passes by a general devise of securities for money (j), and neither a
general trust to sell and convert (k), nor a * charge [*229]
of debts (a), will prevent it from so passing.
And
it is conceived, notwithstanding a former decision of the
Court of Exchequer (6), that the case of a general devise
and bequest of real and personal estate charged with debts or
legacies admits of no substantial distinction (c).
But the
legal estate will not pass by a general devise of real estate,
if there be special trusts for sale or other limitation, &c .,
which would be inapplicable to an estate in mortgage (d) .
[Distinction now not material.-The distinction between
mortgaged estates and trust estates has ceased, in the case of
the mortgagee or trustee dying after the 31st December,
1881, to be material ; as in either case the power of disposing
of the legal estate is now vested in the personal representatives of the mortgagee or trustee so dying (e) .]
14. Power of a trustee in equity to devise the trust estate.The rule that trust estates passed under a general devise
assumed that a testator by making such a devise did not
(i) Doe v . Bennett, 6 Exch. 892 ;
and comments of Vice
Chancellor Kindersley on this case, Re Cantley,
17 Jur. 124; [and see Heath v. Pugh,
6 Q. B. D. 345, 360.]
(j) King's Mortgage, 5 De G. &
Sm. 644, and cases there reviewed ;
Knight v. Robinson, 2 K. & J. 503 ;
Rippen v. Priest, 13 C. B. N. S. 308 ;
Ex parte Whitacre, cited
1 Sand.
Uses and Trusts, 359, 4th edition.
(k) Ex parte Barber, 5 Sim. 451 ;
Mather v . Thomas, 6 Sim. 115.
(a) Field's Mortgage,9 Hare,414;
overruling Renvoize v. Cooper, 10
Price, 78.
553.
(b) Doe v. Lightfoot, 8 M. & W.
(c) Now so decided.
Re Stevens'
Trusts, 6 L. R. Eq. 597 ; [In re Brown
and Sibly's Contract, 3 Ch. D. 163.]
But see In re Packman and Moss, 1
Ch. D. 214.
(d) Re Cantley, 17 Jur. 124; Martin v. Laverton, 9 L. R. Eq. 563 ;
Thirtle v. Vaughan, 24 L. T. 5; Re
Finney's Estate, 3 Giff. 465 ;
[Re
Smith's Estate, 4 Ch. D. 70.]
[(e) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30.]