*111
[CH. VIII. S. 1.
EXECUTORY TRUSTS .
designata, i. e. a particular individual, but as a term of succession, so as to transmit the estate to the heir for the time
being forever.
If, therefore, land be devised to a trustee in
trust for A. for life, and after his decease in trust for the
person who shall then be his heir or heiress and his or her
heirs, in this case A. takes a life estate only, and the heir or
heiress takes the fee simple by purchase (e) ; and of course
the rule does not apply, if the legal estate be vested in trustees for the life ofA. in trust for him, and the legal remainder after the death of A. be limited to the heirs of A.'s body,
for here, as the life estate and the remainder are of different
qualities (viz ., one equitable and the other legal), they cannot unite (f) ) .
[*111]
* 5.
Trusts executed and trusts executory distinguished.- We have said, that if technical words be
employed, they must be taken in their legal and technical
sense ; but as to this a distinction must be drawn between
trusts executed, and trusts that are only executory ; for to
trusts executed the position is strictly applicable, but in
the case of trusts that are executory it must be received with
considerable allowance .
A trust executed is where the limitations of the equitable
interest are complete and final ; in the executory trust, the
limitations of the equitable interest are intended to serve
merely as minutes or instructions for perfecting the settlement at some future period (a) .
The two confounded by
Lord Hardwicke in Bagshaw
v.
Spencer.-The distinction we are considering was very
early established, and was recognized successively by Lord
Cowper (b), Lord King (c) , Lord Talbot (d), and by no
one more frequently than by Lord Hardwicke himself (e) :
(e) Greaves v . Simpson, 10 Jur.
N. S. 609.
426.(f) Collier v . McBean, 34 Beav.
(a) See Egerton v. Earl Brownlow, 4 H. L. Cases, 210 ; Tatham v .
Vernon, 29 Beav. 604.
(b) Bale v . Coleman, 8 Vin . 267 ;
Earl of Stamford v. Sir John Hobart,
3 В. Р. С. 33.
(c) Papillon v. Voice, 2 P. W. 471 .
(d) Lord Glenorchy v. Bosville ,
Cas . t. Talb. 3 .
(e) Gower v . Grosvenor, Barnard,
62; Roberts v. Dixwell, 1 Atk. 607 ;
Baskerville v . Baskerville,2 Atk. 279 ;
Marryat v. Townley, 1 Ves . 102 ; Read
v. Snell, 2 Atk . 648; Woodhouse v.
Hoskins, 3 Atk. 24.