[*550]
[* CHAPTER XXII.
OF TRUSTEES UNDER THE SETTLED LAND ACTS .
UNDER the Settled Land Act, 1882, fundamental changes
have been introduced in dealing with and disposing of
Settled Estates, the powers which under the old law were
usually given to the trustees of the settlement, and in some
cases much more extensive powers, having been conferred
on tenants for life and other limited owners. With a view,
probably, to the protection of the remaindermen (though
such protection has not been satisfactorily provided for), a
class of trustees has been called into existence whose duties
arise under the Act; but these duties are, with a few exceptions, to which attention will be drawn, principally of a
ministerial nature, and do not involve the exercise of discretion.
In the present chapter we propose to treat of the
position and duties of these trustees ; but incidentally to
this it will be necessary to refer to the principal provisions
of the Act, and to glance at the important changes which
have been introduced by it.

1. Trustees of the settlement.- The trustees for the purposes of the Settled Land Act may either be nominated by
the settlement itself, or appointed by the Court ; and sect. 2
of the Act of 1882, provides that " the persons, if any, who
are for the time being, under a settlement (a), trustees with
power of sale of settled land, or with power of consent to or
[(a) The term " settlement " includes any instrument, or any number
of instruments, whether made before
or after, or partly before and partly
after the commencement of the Act,
under which land, or any estate or
interest in land, stands limited to or
in trust for persons in succession;
see sect. 2, sub-s. (1).
It has, however, been held by Pearson, J., that
where there is an original settlement
complete in itself, and derivative
settlements have afterwards
been made by persons who take interests
which have not yet fallen into possession under the original settlement,
the original settlement alone is the
settlement for the purposes of the
Act, Re Knowles' Settled Estates, 27 Ch. D. 707; but this view seems
hardly consistent with the language
of the Act.
746