CH. XVIII . S. 2.

*454

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .

held that as the trust fund in the hands of the trustees in
the shape of cash did not necessarily imply a breach of trust
the receipt was sufficient.
4. Or implied.-In what cases a power of signing receipts
is implied, has never been satisfactorily ascertained.
However, two principles appear to be the basis upon which most
of the distinctions taken by the Courts have been founded.
5. Direction to sell implies power in some one to sign discharges at time of sale. -First. In the creation of a trust
for immediate sale, it is implied that a legal and equitable
discharge for the purchase-money shall be signed by some one
at the time of the sale.
There can be no conveyance of the
estate without payment of the money, and there can be no
such payment without a complete discharge.
Should the
settlor have contemplated a sale at a time when, as he must
have known, the cestuis que trust, or some of them, were
either not in existence, or not of capacity to execute legal
acts, the intention must be presumed that the receipts of the
trustees should be a release to the purchaser.
Balfour v. Welland.- Thus, where a deed was executed in
India for payment of debts, with a proviso that creditors in
India should be allowed six months to come in, and those in
Europe eighteen months, and if any were under disability,
they should be further allowed the like periods from the
time the disability ceased, Sir W. Grant said, " The deed
very clearly confers an immediate power of sale for a purpose that cannot be immediately defined.
It is impossible to
contend that the trustees might not have sold the whole
property at any time they thought fit after the execution of
the deed, and yet it could not be ascertained, until the end
of eighteen months, who were the persons among whom the
produce of the sale was to be distributed.
If the sale might
take place at a time when the distribution could not possibly
be made, it must have been intended that the trustees should
of themselves be able to give a discharge for the produce,
for the money could not be paid to any other person than
the trustees " (a) .
(a) Balfour v. Welland,16 Ves. 151, see 156.