CH . XIV . S. 6.

DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
*356

In paying to a single surviving trustee, for payment
to a surviving trustee for * sale is of constant occur- [*356]

rence .

[In cases of sales under the Settled Land
Act, 1882, it must be borne in mind that sect. 39 expressly
provides that capital money arising under that Act shall
not be paid to fewer than two persons as trustees of a settlement, unless the settlement authorises the receipt by one
trustee (a) . ]

38.
Overpayment. - If a trustee or executor has made an
overpayment in error to a cestui que trust or legatee, he has a
right to recoup himself out of any other interest in the trust
fund of that cestui que trust or legatee (b) .

39. Repayment to executor.- The Court will not generally,
in favour of an executor, make an order on a legatee to
refund personally (c) ; and it certainly will not make an order
to refund to an executor who voluntarily and in spite of expression of doubts on the part of a legatee has made overpayments to the latter (d) ; and the Court will not, it seems, at
the instance of an executor who is liable to a creditor, compel a purchaser from a legatee to refund (e).
But an executor who has been made to pay a creditor, and has under his
control a legacy appropriated by him as such, but not actually
paid over, has been allowed to throw the debt upon the
legacy (f) , but is disentitled to his costs of obtaining
relief (g) .
And an executor who has distributed assets
amongst residuary legatees, with notice, not of an existing
debt, but that a future debt might by possibility arise at a
remote period, may if called upon to pay such debt recover
back from the residuary legatees the amounts paid to them,
but without interest (h) .

40. Rights of creditors.
A creditor who is not barred by
the Statute of Limitations, or to whose debt the statute is
not pleaded, may recover assets from a legatee to whom they
[(a) See Garnett, Orme and Hargreaves ' Contract, 25 Ch. D. 595.]
(6) Livesey v . Livesey, 3 Russ .
287; Dibbs v. Goren, 11 Beav. 483.
(c) Downes v. Bullock, 25 Beav.
(d) Bate v . Hooper, 5 De G. M. &
G. 338 .
(e) Noble v . Brett, 24 Beav. 499 .
(f) Noble v . Brett, 24 Beav. 499.
(g) S. C. (No. 2), 26 Beav . 233 .
(h) Jervis v . Wolferstan, 18 L. R.
54.
Eq. 18.
491