CH . XIII .

TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST .
*280

a corporation (h), and generally to all persons clothed with
a fiduciary character (i) .

10. Heir or devisee purchasing incumbrance. -Even an heir
has been so far regarded as a trustee for creditors of the ancestor, that he cannot hold an incumbrance as against them for
more than he gave for it (j), and it is presumed, though
there is no decision upon it, that the rule applies equally
to a devisee as between him and the creditors of the testator (k) .
But either an heir or a devisee who was himself an incumbrancer at the death of the ancestor or testator, may buy up
a prior (but not a subsequent) incumbrance, and hold it for
the whole amount due ; for his own incumbrance is by title
paramount and not affected by any trust for creditors, and
the Court considers him to that extent as a stranger, and
allows him to buy up the prior incumbrance not as heir or
devisee, but for the protection of his own incumbrance (l) .
And if the heir or devisee acquire the prior incumbrance
not by his own act or procurement but by the bounty of another,
as eitherby gift inter vivos, or by will, there seems no reason
on principle why the heir or devisee should not hold the
prior incumbrance for the whole amount due ; and semble it
can make no difference whether the donor was the prior
incumbrancer himself, or was a stranger who had purchased
from the incumbrancer at an under-value (m) .
* And an heir or devisee may, it seems, hold an [*280]
incumbrance which he has bought up himself at an
under-value for the whole amount as against a subsequent
incumbrancer, though not as against the general creditors of
the ancestor or testator ; as if A. be the first incumbrancer,
B. the second, and C. the heir or devisee, and C. buys up
A.'s incumbrance, here if B. have a charge merely and is not
a creditor, or his debt is barred by the statute, there is no

(h) Bowes v . City of Toronto, 11
Moore, P. C. С. 463.
665.

(i) Docker v. Somes, 2 M. & Κ.

(j) Lancaster v. Evors, 10 Beav.
154; and see 1 Ph. 354 ; Brathwaite
v . Brathwaite, 1 Vern. 334 ; Long v.
Clopton, 1 Vern. 464 ; Darcy v. Hall, 1
Vern . 49 ; Morret v. Paske, 2 Atk. 54.

(k) See Long v. Clopton, 1 Vern .
464; Davis v. Barrett, 14Beav. 542.

(l) Davis v . Barrett, 14 Beav. 542 ;
Darcy v. Hall, 1 Vern. 49.

(m) See Anon. 1 Salk. 155.
385