CH. XXIII . S. 1.]
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*572

without rendering himself responsible in the forum of a
Court of equity.
2. General rule as to powers of trustees in simple trusts.
With respect to the simple trust, as the trustee is a mere
75 Ga. 130; especially for the support of the trustee; Hamilton v. Insurance
Co. 3 Tenn. Ch. 124; court cannot direct trustee to mortgage trust property ;
U. S. Trust Co. v. Roche, 41 Hun, 549 ; mortgage to pay debts allowed ; Pike
v . Baldwin, 68 Ia. 263.
Discretionary powers.- They will not be interfered with by the courts,
unless they are abused ; Cromie v . Bull, 81 Ky. 646; Ames v. Scudder, 11 Mo.
App . 168; or controlled, except good faith is absent; Bacon v. Bacon, 55 Vt.
243; a trustee may be given unlimited discretion to change the nature of the
trust property ; Christian v. Worsham, 78 Va. 100.
Equity may not have
jurisdiction of a discretionary power ; Young v. Young, 97 N. C. 132.
If a
trustee is allowed to exercise his best judgment, his powers are very broad;
Veazie v . Forsaith, 76 Me. 172; Heard v. Sill, 26 Ga. 302 .
Compromise by trustee .-A compromise, if for good and sufficient cause,
will be sustained; Pool v. Dial, 10 S. C. 440; Clarke v. Cordis, 4 Allen, 466 ;
Mayer v. Foulkrod, 4 Wash. 349 ; it must be such a compromise as a court
would sanction; Bacot v. Heyward, 5 S. C. 441; a trustee cannot discharge
liens to the prejudice of the cestui que trust; Perkins v. Dyer, 6 Ga . 401 ;
may submit to arbitration ; Clark v. Cordis, 4 Allen, 466.
Various powers .-A trustee may not give trust property as security for
money borrowed for his own use ; Brewster v. Galloway, 4 Lea, Tenn. 558.
Power to " sell and dispose" is broad enough to cover a mortgage ; Waterman v. Baldwin, 68 Ia. 255.
Power to trustee to rent and pay rents does not
include any further interest in lands; Hicks v. Bullock, 96 N. C. 164.
Trustee
selling for nominal consideration is in violation of trust, and there is only a
gift deed, the donee becoming a trustee for the original cestui que trust ;
Everett v. Railway, 67 Tex. 430.
The trust, by limitations in the declaration,
cannot be bound for certain debts ; Pracht v. Lange, 81 Va. 712. A trustee
may, upon citation and hearing, get power to purchase so that the transaction
will be binding; Scholle v. Scholle, 101 N. Y. 167 ; Carson v. Marshall, 37
N. J. Eq. 213; a trustee may purchase at a judicial sale, not controlled by
himself, if he acts in good faith; Lusk's App. 108 Pa. St. 152 ; Baker v.
Springfield, &c., R. R. Co. 86 Mo. 75.
A trustee holding for one, with remainder to his children, cannot under power to sell, bind the children by an
agreement to lease; Bergengren v. Aldrich, 139 Mass. 259.
A trustee has
power to defend the trust estate ; Geissler v . Werner , 3 Dema. 200 ;
if the
trustee becomes insane he can do nothing; Bailey v. Hill, 77 Va. 492 ; where ,
in deed of trust, a conveyance at request of cestui que trust might be made, a
conveyance by trustee after death of cestui que trust was void; Bradstreet v.
Kinsella, 76 Mo. 63.
One holding mortgaged land as trust cannot buy at or
after foreclosure sale and acquire an interest hostile to the cestui que trust ;
Toole v . McKiernan, 48 N. Y. Sup'r Ct. 163.
A trustee cannot apply the trust
fund to a debt claimed by him to be due him from the cestui que trust, especially if it is disputed; Terry v. Bale, 1 Dema. 452. A power to sell and
exchange does not allow the trustee to raise any charge upon the estate ;
Hewitt v . Phelps, 105 U. S. 393.
In reference to the Statute of Limitations,
see Smith v . Drake, 23 N. J. Eq. 302 ; Hubbell 2. Medbury, 53 N. Y. 98 ; Carr
v. Houser, 46 Ga. 477; Patten v. Pearson, 60Me. 220.
775