CH. XII. S. 2.

*241

BANKRUPTCY OF TRUSTEES .

under which he was bound to appropriate them in the cash
purchase of barley; (2) that even if the barley and malt
which remained at the time of the bankruptcy in the bankrupt's possession were not bought in accordance with the
authority given to the agent, and the legal property in them
was not in the brewers but in the agent, he was a trustee of
them for the brewers to the extent of the moneys advanced
by the brewers, for they were the product of or substitute
for the original trust property, and as such subject to the
trust; and (3) that the bankrupt or his representative could
not be allowed to set up the bankrupt's fraud and abuse of
trust to defeat the title of his cestui que trust (d) .

6. Factor selling and taking notes.-So, if the factor sell
the goods and take notes in payment the value of the notes ,
notwithstanding the bankruptcy, may be recovered by action
from the creditor's trustee (e) ; for, though negotiable securities are said, like money, to have no ear-mark, the
*expression does not intend that such securities in [*241]
the hands of a bankrupt have run into the general
mass of his property, and pass to his creditors, but only that
negotiable securities, as a circulating medium in lieu of
money, cannot be recovered from a person to whom they
have been legally negotiated (a) .

7. Factor selling for money payable at a future day.- So, if
a factor sell the goods of his employer for money payable
at a future day, and become bankrupt, and the creditors'
trustee receives the money, he will be answerable for it to
the merchant by whom the factor was employed (b) .

8. Tortious conversion of the trust property.- In another
case the
conversion had been in breach
of the factor's
duty (c) ; and it was argued that, as the principal would
not have been bound to accept the property which the
agent had wrongfully purchased, the Court ought not to

[(d) Harris v. Truman, 7 Q. B. D.
340 ; 9 Q. B. D. 264.]
(e) Anon.
case,
cited Ex parte
Dumas, 2 Ves . 586.
(a) Hartop v. Hoare, 3 Atk. 50,
per Lee, C. J.; Miller v. Race, 1 Burr.
457.
(b) Ryall v. Rolle, 1 Atk. 172, per
Burnet, J.; Taylor v. Plumer, 3 M.
& S. 577; Zinck v. Walker, 2 W. Bl .
1154; Garratt v. Cullum, Bull. N. P.
42.
(c) Taylor ข. Plumer, 3 M. & S.
562; see Ryall v. Rolle, 1 Atk. 172.