CH. XIV . S. 4.]
*318
INVESTMENT.

and ceased to have any effect, and the trustee had done his
duty when he refused to lend the money " (e) .

25. Tenant for life not to be favoured.-No applications
from cestuis que trust to their trustees are so frequent as for
a more productive investment for the benefit of the tenant
for life.

In these cases the trustees must remember that any
special power which the settlement may give them
was * not created for the purpose of favouring one [*318]
party more than another, but for the benefit of all,
and if they lend themselves improperly to the views of the
tenant for life, at the expense of the remaindermen, they
will be held personally responsible (a) .

Trustees bound to protect the remaindermen.-And where
trustees have the ordinary power of varying securities with
the consent of the tenant for life, the trustees must consider
the intention to be that as the control is given to the tenant
for life for his protection, so the trustees have a particular
discretion reposed in them for the protection of the remaindermen (b) .
And on the other hand where every change
of investment is to be with the consent of the tenant for life,
and he withholds his consent though the fund is in danger,
the trustee can proceed in equity and compel a change of
investment, against the wishes of the tenant for life (c) .

26. Consent.

All the conditions annexed to the power
must be strictly observed, as if the authority be to lend to
the husband with the consent of the wife, the trustees cannot
make the advance on their own discretion, and take the consent of the wife at a subsequent period (d) .
And if the consent of two trustees be required, the consent of one of them
does not operate as the consent of both (e).
And where the
consent of a married woman was necessary to authorise an
investment with the sanction of the Court, a petition by the
(e) Boss v. Godsall, 1 Y. & C. C.
C. 617; and see Luther v. Bianconi,
10
Ir. Ch .
Rep.
194;
Costello v .
O'Rorke, 3 I. R. Eq. 172.
Compare
cases at p. 328, note (c) , infra.
(a) Raby v. Ridehalgh, 7 De G.
M. & G. 104 ; and see Stuart v . Stuart,
3 Beav. 430 ; Fitzgerald v. Fitzgerald,
6Ir. Ch . Rep. 145; Vickery v. Evans,
3 N. R. 286.
(b) See Harrison v . Thexton, 4
Jur. N. S. 550 .
(c) Costello v . O'Rorke, 3
I. R.
Eq. 172.
(d) Bateman v . Davis, 3 Mad. 98.
(e) Greenham υ. Gibbeson, 10
Bing. 363.
441