*177
PURCHASE IN NAME OF A CHILD .
10. Rule applies to an illegitimate child.-The doctrine of
advancement has been applied to the case of even an illegitimate son (b) ; for it is said the principle is, that a father is
under a moral duty to provide for his child, and as the obligation extends to the case of an illegitimate child, he is equally
entitled to the benefit of the presumption (c) .
But the doctrine will not be applied to the illegitimate son of a legitimate child of the real purchaser, the person who paid the purchase-money, though such purchaser mayhave placed himself
loco parentis to the illegitimate grandchild (d) .
11. Rule applies to daughters as well as sons.- It has been
said that the presumption of advancement is not so strong
in favour of a daughter as of a son, because daughters are
not generally provided for by a settlement of real estate (e) ;
but the distinction has been contradicted by more than one
decision, and does not now exist (f) .
12. Rule applies to a wife, and grandchild or nephew, towards
whom the purchaser stands in loco parentis. -Advancement
will be presumed in the case of a wife (g), and this presumption may, as in that of a child, be rebutted by the
special circumstances under which the transfer was made (h) .
But no presumption will arise in favour of a reputed wife,
being the sister of a former wife, and therefore not legally
married (i) ; and the presumption will be made where the
purchase is taken in the name of a grandchild, where
(b) Beckford v. Beckford, Lofft,
490; Fearne's P. W. 327 ; and see
Soar v. Foster, 4 K. & J. 160 ; Kilpin
v. Kilpin, 1 My. & K. 520 ; Tucker v.
Burrow, 2 H. & M. 525.
(c) See Fonb. Eq. Tr. 123, note
(i), 4th ed.
ter v. Hewer, 8 Ves. 199, per Sir W.
Grant; Rider v . Kidder, 10 Ves . 367,
per LordEldon; Gilb. Lex. Præt. 272 ;
Dummer v . Pitcher, 2 M. & K. 262 ;
and see Lloyd v . Pughe, 14 L. R. Eq.
241; 8 L. R. Ch . App . 88 .
515.
(d) Tucker v. Burrow, 2 H. & M.
(e) Gilb. Lex. Præt. 272.
(f) Lady Gorge's case, cited Cro.
Car. 550, 2 Sw. 600 ; Jennings v. Selleck, 1 Vern . 467; and see Woodman
v. Morrel , 2 Freem. 33 ; Clark v. Danvers, 1 Ch. Ca. 310 .
(g) Kingdome v. Bridges , 2 Vern .
67; Christ's Hospital v. Budgin, id.
683; Back v. Andrews, id. 120; Glais(h) Marshal v. Crutwell, 20 L. R.
Eq. 328; and M. R. further observed :
"Now in all the cases in which a gift
to the wife has been held
to have
been intended, the husband has retained the dominion over the fund in
this sense, that the wife during the
lifetime of the husband has had no
power independently of him, and the
husband has retained the power of
revoking the gift."
Ib. 330, sed qu.
(i) Soar v. Foster, 4 K. & J. 152.
243