*45

SOVEREIGN, CORPORATIONS, ETC.

[CH. III. S. 3.]

accrued to the Crown by course of law, as by the treason of
the subject, or by forfeiture, or on the doctrine of bona vacantia, it was not doubted that the Crown could sue without
even a previous inquisition.
According to Sir T. Clarke, an
inquisition was necessary only where the Crown asserting its
prerogative chose to make a seizure without interpleading
with the subject in Court to establish its title, but where the
Crown waiving its prerogative interpleaded with the subject,
as by filing a bill, there an inquisition was unnecessary and
superfluous (c) .
[By the Intestates Estates Act, 1884 (d), the Court is
empowered, on the application or with the consent of the
Attorney-General, notwithstanding that no office has been
found, and no commission issued or executed, to order a sale
of any hereditament or any estate or interest therein to
which the Crown is entitled, and to dispose of the proceeds of such sale.]
3. A corporation.
A trust of lands cannot be limited to a
corporation without a license from the Crown, both on general principle, and also by analogy to the statutory enactment as to uses (e) .
If corporations could take in the names
of trustees without a license, the rule requiring a license
would become a dead letter and the rights of the Crown
effectually evaded, for it makes no
material
difference
whether
the
legal
estate be limited to the corporation
directly or to a trustee for the corporation.1
4. Alien.
As regards an alien, a trust of lands might
always have been declared in his favour (f), and might as
against all but the Crown have been enforced by him
for his own benefit (g) ; but as the same *mischiefs
would follow from an alien's enjoyment of the equi
(c) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,
188.
See now 33 & 34 Vict. c. 23.
[ (d) 47 & 48 Vict. c. 71, s . 5.]
(e) See Shep. Touch. 509; Sand.
on Uses, 339, note E.; 15 Ric. II. c. 5.
(f) Dumoncel v. Dumoncel, 13 Ir.
Eq . Rep. 92 ; and see Vin. Ab. Alien,
A. 8; Godfrey and Dixon's
case,
Godb . 275; Br. Feff. al. Uses , 389 , a,
pl. 29.
(g) SeeBarrow v. Watkin, 24Beav.
1; Godfrey and Dixon's case, Godb.
275, but see Gilb. on Uses , 43 ; King
v. Holland, Al. 16 ; S. C. Styl. 21 ;
Burney v. Macdonald, 15 Sim. 6 ;
Rittson v. Stordy, 3 Sm. & Gif. 230.
1 Hill on Trustees , 52 ; Coleman v . Railroad Co. 49 Cal. 518.