*409
[CH. XVII. S. 2.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
his daughter, and afterwards on the daughter's marriage settles 1000l. upon her.
Here the will is considered as revoked,
and the claims under the will are actually extinguished.
If
on the other hand, a father covenants on the daughter's marriage to settle 1000l. upon her and afterwards by will bequeaths 1000l. to the daughter, here the legal obligation
under the settlement remains, and the daughter if she
chooses may insist on her claims under the settlement.
But
if she does so, the Court will not also allow her to claim
under the will, or in other words the Court puts her to her
election (b) .
SECTION
II .
WHAT AMOUNT IS RAISABLE UNDER THE HEAD OF PORTIONS .
This question arises as to capital and interest, and maintenance money and costs.
1. Capital.-As to the amount of capital to be raised, the
instrument itself generally prescribes the sum with sufficient
exactness, and according to the common form now adopted
in settlements, the amount graduates according to the number of children, i.e. a certain sum if there be only one
younger child who takes a vested interest, an increased sum
if there be two such children, and a larger sum still if there
be three or more such children .
[*409]
* 2 . Ambiguity.- Occasionally the settlement has
been so ambiguously expressed with reference to the
events contemplated, that recourse to the Court has become
necessary.
Thus, in Hemming v. Griffith (a), the trust was
that if there should be one younger child the trustee should
raise 8,000l. , and if two younger children 12,000l., and if
three or more younger children 15,000l., the said portions to
be paid as the husband and wife or the survivor should
appoint, and in default of appointment the portions to vest
(b) Chichester v. Coventry, 2 L.
R. H. L. 90, per Lord Romilly ; Russell v.
St. Aubyn, 2 Ch. D. 398 ;
Thomas
v. Kemeys, 2 Vern. 348 ;
Copley v. Copley, 1 P. W. 147; Byde
v. Byde, 2 Eden, 19.
As to interest
on the advance made after the date
of the will, see the decree in Beckton
v. Barton, 27 Beav . 106.
(a) 2 Giff. 403.
556