*109
[CH. VIII. S. 1.
EXPRESS TRUSTS .
any words of limitation, B. takes the equitable fee; for the
whole estate passed to the trustees, and whatever interest they
took was given in trust for B. (a) .
But if an estate be conveyed by deed unto and to the use of a trustee and his heirs,
in trust for the settlor for life, and after his death upon trust
for his children simply, without the word heirs, [or, in deeds
executed since the 31st December, 1881, the words " in fee
simple" or " in tail " (b)] , the children by analogy to legal
limitations take an estate for life only (c). Should renewable
leaseholds for lives be conveyed by deed to trustees and their
heirs upon trust for A., it has been held that from the nature
of an estate pur autre vie, A. takes the absolute interest (d).
3. Force of technical terms.
But though technical terms
be not absolutely necessary, yet where technical terms are
employed they shall be taken in their legal and technical
sense (e) .
Lord Hardwicke indeed once added the qualification, " unless the intention of the testator or author of the
trust plainly appeared to the contrary (f)."
But this position has since been repeatedly and expressly overruled, and
at the present day it must be considered a clear and settled
canon that a limitation in a trust, perfected and declared by
(a) Moore v. Cleghorn, 10 Beav.
423; affirmed on appeal, 12 Jurist, 591;
Knight v. Selby, 3 Man. & Gr. 92 ;
Challenger v. Sheppard, 8 T. R. 597 ;
Yarrow v. Knightly, 8 Ch . D. 736 ; and
see Doe v. Cafe, 7 Exch. Rep. 675;
Watkins v . Weston, 32 Beav. 238 ;
Ryan v. Keogh , 4 I. R. Eq. 357 ; Hodson v. Ball, 14 Sim. 558.
[(b) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 51.]
(c) Holliday v. Overton, 14 Beav.
467; 15 Beav. 480; 16 Jur. 751;
Lucas v. Brandreth (No. 2), 28 Beav.
274; Tatham r. Vernon,29Beav. 604 ;
[Lysaght v. M'Grath, 11 L. R. Ir. 142 ;
Meyler v. Meyler, 11 L. R. Ir. 522;]
Middleton v. Barker, 29 L. T. N. S.
643.
(d) McClintock v. Irvine, 10 Ir. Ch .
Rep. 481; Brenan v. Boyne, 16 Ir. Ch .
Rep . 87; Betty v. Elliott, ib. 110,
note; Re Bayley, 16 Ir. Ch. Rep. 215;
[Currin v. Doyle, 3 L. R. Ir. 265;]
and see post, chap. xxvii. s. 1.
(e) Wright v. Pearson, 1 Eden, 125,
per Lord Henley; Austen v. Taylor,
1 Ed. 367 , per eundem ; Synge v. Hales,
2 B. & Β. 507, per Lord Manners;
Jervoise v . Duke of Northumberland,
1 J. & W. 571, per Lord Eldon ; Lord
Glenorchy v. Bosville,Cas . t. Talb. 19,
per Lord Talbot; Bale v. Coleman, 8
Vin. 268, per Lord Harcourt; [Meyler
v. Meyler, 11 L. R. Ir. 522.]
(f) Garth v. Baldwin, 2 Ves . 655.
v . Volrain, 68 Ill. 25 ; see Padfield v. Padfield, 68 Ill. 210.
Trust is not executed until the full beneficial enjoyment vests ; Kay v. Scates, 37 Pa. St. 31;
Harley v. Platts, 6 Rich. 310; Carradine v . Carradine, 33 Miss. 698 ; the legal
title does not vest in the cestui que trust until the termination of the trust ;
Boyd v. England, 56 Ga. 598 .