CH. VII. S. 1.

*90

TRUSTS FOR ACCUMULATION.
the whole beneficial interest in the accumulations must by
the terms of the settlement become vested within a life in
being and twenty-one years, there is no perpetuity, for in
this case the beneficiaries may immediately upon the vesting,
and therefore within the allowed limits, put an end to the
accumulation (a) .

13. Thellusson Act.-The 39 & 40 Geo. 3, c. 98, commonly
called the Thellusson Act, or Lord Loughborough's Act, has
now further restricted the period of accumulation, by limiting it to "the life or lives of any grantor or grantors, settlor or
settlors; OR the term of twenty-one years from the death of the
grantor, settlor, devisor, or testator; OR during the minority,
or respective minorities of any person or persons who shall be
living, or in ventre sa mere, at the time of the death of the
grantor, devisor, or testator; OR during the minority, or respective minorities, of any person or persons who, under the
uses or trusts of the deed, surrender, will, codicil, or other
assurances directing such accumulations, would, for the time being, if offull age, be entitled unto rents, issues, and profits,
or the interest, dividends, or annual produce so directed to be
accumulated."

The Act embraces both simple and compound accumulation. The following points have been resolved upon the construction of this act ?- 1. The statute embraces simple as well as
compound accumulation. By the former is meant the collection of a principal sum by the mere addition of the annual
proceeds, while the interest upon the accumulating fund
either results undisposed of to the settlor or his representative, or passes to the residuary devisee or legatee.
Compound accumulation is, where not only the income de anno
in annum is added altogether, but the fund is further increased by the interest upon the income (b) .
2. Applies to case of suspended enjoyment, though the right
to the enjoyment be vested.-The act applies, though the
(a) Oddie v Brown, 4 De G. & Jon. 179; Bateman v. Hotchkin, 10 Beav. 426; Bacon v. Proctor, T. & R. 31 ; and see Briggs v. Earl of Oxford, 1 De G. M. & G. 363; Williams v. Lewis, 6 H. L. Cas. 1013.
(b) Shaw v. Rhodes, 1 M. & Cr. 135; S.C. by title of Evans v. Hellier, 5 Cl. and Fin. 114.