*248
ESCHEAT OF THE TRUST ESTATE.
[CH. XII. S. 3.

In the case of a forfeiture to the Crown, it was formerly held that there was no equity against the Crown (d); but in modern times the equity was admitted, though the precise nature of the remedy was never distinctly ascertained (e).

7. Escheat.
A lord taking by escheat stands on a somewhat different footing, for he does not take through or under the trustee at all; he is not an assign of the trustee either in the per or post; nor does he, as in forfeiture, succeed to the place of the trustee, but claims by a title paramount of his own, by virtue of a condition originally annexed to the land, and wholly independent of the creation of the trust.

Burgess v. Wheate.
Lord Mansfield was of opinion, however, in Burgess v. Wheate (f), that a trust ought to be binding on the lord, and cited the opinions said to have been expressed by Lord Chief Justice Bridgman and Sir John Trevor (g); but as to the words attributed to the former, it appears from his own note-book, that they were never spoken (h); and the observation of Sir John Trevor was at the utmost a mere obiter dictum.

Sir Thomas Clarke, on the other hand, who assisted Lord Mansfield in the case of Burgess v. Wheate, thought that cestui que trust was no more relievable against the lord by escheat, than against a sale by the trustee to a purchaser without notice (i); and Lord Northington's inclination was apparently the same way, though, as the point was not necessarily involved in the question before him, he declined to conclude himself [*248] by any * express and direct opinion (a).

It is clear that the lord was not bound by a use. However, it must be admitted that in modern times the Courts have acted on more liberal principles; and it has been actually decided that where the fee out of which a mortgage term has been

(d) Wike's case, Lane, 54, agreed.
(e) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,
252; and see Pawlett v. AttorneyGeneral, Hard. 467, which was a case of forfeiture, though treated by Lord Hale as a case of escheat.
And see supra, p. 30.
(f) 1 Eden, 177, see p. 229 ; and
see observations upon Lord Mansfield's argument in 3d edit. p. 281 .
(g) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden, 230.
(h) See Ib. 230, note (a) ; and
see Sir T. Clarke's observations, Ib.
202.
(i) Ib. 1 Eden, 203 .
(a) Ib. 1 Eden, 246.
340