CH. XVIII. S. 2.
*471

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.

do not include the payment of incumbrances on the settled
property, and providing by s. 56, sub-s. 1, that powers given
by the settlement to trustees are not to be prejudicially affected by the Act, enacts in sub-s. 2, that "the consent of
the tenant for life shall, by virtue of the Act be necessary
to the exercise by the trustees of the settlement or other
persons of any power conferred by the settlement exercisable
for any purpose provided for in the Act," and the question
is whether this makes the consent of the tenant for life necessary to the exercise by the trustees of a power of selling
or mortgaging arising under a charge of debts.
Now in the
first place it seems clear that, as the only power of mortgaging given by the Act is of a very limited nature, and for
purposes wholly dissimilar from those for which the power
under the charge of debts is exercisable, the trustees' power
of mortgaging is unaffected by sub-s. 2, and may be exercised
without the concurrence of the tenant for life.
With reference to the power of sale, there is more difficulty, as the
tenant for life has a general power of selling, and under
s. 21, the proceeds of the sale may be applied in discharging
the incumbrances affecting the inheritance of the settled
land.
The sale of the settled property or a part thereof for
the purpose of paying off the incumbrances seems, therefore,
to be strictly a "purpose provided for in the Act," and it is
difficult construing the Act fairly to avoid the conclusion
that the trustees cannot sell without the consent of the
tenant for life.
The result of this construction of the Act
is without doubt inconvenient, and the view that the power
of sale arising under a charge of debts is unaffected by the 56th section is supported by * weighty opinions (a), but until that view has received the sanction of the Court a purchaser could not be safely advised to
accept a title from the trustees without the consent of the
tenant for life (b) .

18. Who must sign the receipt.
As the trust for sale is a

[(a) See Wolstenholme and Turner's Settled Land Act, 2d Ed. p . 70.]
[(b) As to the meaning of the term "tenant for life," and the
limited owners who have the powers of a tenant for life, see sects. 2, 58 and 62 ;
and see also post, chap. xxiii. s. 2, v.]
637