*465
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .

ject to a charge have power to sell or mortgage, which is
the case we next proceed to consider.

β. Devise to a person beneficially with a charge of debts. If a testator charge his debts and devise the estate subject to
the charge to A. and his heirs not upon trust but for his own use, can the beneficiary in this case make a good title?
The
answer to the question last discussed is an answer also to
this, for if where the express trust negatives the intention of
conferring a power to sell the trustee can still make a good
title, it is evident that he can only do so by virtue of the
charge. Any distinction between the two cases would be in
favour of the beneficial devisee, for if the trustee in defiance
of the express trust can sell, àfortiori the devisee can, who
is fettered by no such restriction.
In both instances the
charge operates as a trust for payment of debts, and
is
attended with
all
the
same consequences .
"A
[*465] charge," said Lord * Eldon, " is in substance and
effect pro tanto a devise of the estate upon trust to
pay the debts " (a) , and " this," observed Lord St. Leonards ,
on citing the dictum, " is supported by the current of
authorities " (b).
It is clear that the devisee can, where he
also fills the character of executor, make a good title (c) ,
and in some of the cases the Court did not in terms rely on
the characters being combined (d), but it is singular that no
authority can be found in which the question whether the
devisee alone can make a good title has arisen .
In the Court of Exchequer (e) it was said that in a devise
to trustees, subject to a charge of debts, the trustees could
sell ; but that a charge in the hands of a devisee if the lands
were devised, or in the hands of the heir-at-law if the lands
descended, was a charge only in equity.
The Court was
there considering, more particularly, the question of legal
(a) Bailey v. Ekins, 7 Ves . 323.
(b) Commissioners of Donations v .
Wybrants, 2 Jon. & Lat. 198.
(c) Elton v . Harrison, 2 Sw . 276,
note ; Elliot v. Merryman, Barn. 78 ;
Dolton v . Young, 6 Madd. 9 ; Johnson v. Kennett, 6 Sim. 384 ; 3 Μ. & Κ.
624; Eland v. Eland, 1 Beav. 235, 4
M. & Cr. 420; Page v. Adam, 4Beav.
269; Corser v. Cartwright, 8 L. R. Ch .
App. 971; affirmed by H. L. 7 L. R.
H. L. 731.
(d) Elliot v. Merryman, Dolton v.
Young, Johnson v. Kennett, Eland v.
Eland, ubi supra; Colyer v . Finch, 5
H. L. Ca. 905, 922.
(e) Doe v. Hughes, 6 Exch. 231 .