*230
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
[CH. XII. S. 2 .
commit a breach of trust, otherwise general words would
not have been construed to carry the trust estate (f) .
However, it was observed in one case by the late Vice-Chancellor of
England that in his opinion it was not lawful for a trustee to
dispose of the estate, but that he ought to permit it to descend; and that there was no material difference between a conveyance inter vivos and a devise, for the latter was nothing but
a postmortem conveyance (g). But Lord Langdale considered
that there was a wide distinction between a conveyance in the
trustee's lifetime and a devise by his will ; for during his life
he had a personal discretion confided to him, which he could
not delegate, but the settlor could not have reposed any personal confidence in the trustee's heir, for it could not be
known beforehand who such heir would be ; and that if the
estate were allowed to descend, it might become vested in
married women, infants, or bankrupts, or persons out of the
jurisdiction ; and he could not therefore hold it to be a breach
of trust to transmit the estate by will to trustworthy devisees (h) .
[But this question has since the recent
[*230] alteration in the law under which the trust * estate
devolves as a chattel real ceased to be one of practical interest.]
15.
Whether a devisee can execute the trust.-How far a
devisee of the trust estate can execute the trust, will depend
on the intention of the settlor, to be collected from the
terms in which the instrument is expressed.
Thus, real or
personal estate may be so vested in A. that A. alone shall
personally execute the trust ; and in such a case, the heir or
executor of A. though he took the legal estate, could not act
as trustee (a) ; and à fortiori in such a case the devisee,
though made the depositary of the legal estate, would have
no authority to execute the trust (b).
[It was laid down in
former editions of this work that] if a settlor vested an
(f) See ante, p. 226, and the authorities cited in note (a) Ib .
(g) Cooke v. Crawford, 13 Sim . 98 ;
and see Beasley v. Wilkinson, 13 Jur.
649.
(h) Titley v . Wolstenholme,7Beav.
435; and see Macdonald v. Walker,
14 Beav. 556; Wilson v. Bennett, 5
De G. & Sm. 479 .
(a) See Mortimer v. Ireland, 11
Jur. 721.
(b) Mortimer v. Ireland, 11 Jur.
721;
S.
C. before Vice-Chancellor
Wigram, 6 Hare, 196.
316