*526
TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
[Сн. ХХ. S. 3.

tion was given to the debtor by charging the land and discharging the person " (i) .
Even where the debts
[*526] * did in their nature carry interest, and the direction
in a will was to pay " the debts owing by the testatrix's brother at the time of his death," but forty years had
elapsed since the death of the brother, so that the interest if
allowed would have amounted to more than double the principal, the Court thought the direction could not have been
intended to include interest as well as principal (a) .
2. The trust deed does not make the debts specialties.- It
was once suggested by Lord Abinger that " if a man execute
a trust of a term for the benefit of his creditors, the deed
makes them mortgagees if they execute it, and so gives them
a right to interest " (b) ; and it was held in some old authorities, that even in a deed to which the creditors were not parties, or in a trust created by will for payment of debts, the
creditors were to be regarded as mortgagees and were entitled to interest (c) ; but the doctrine in the latter cases has
long since been overthrown, and it is apprehended that the
distinction taken by the Chief Baron cannot at the present
day be supported (d).
Again, it was said by Lord Hardwicke that " if a man by deed in his life creates a trust for
payment of his debts, annexes a schedule of some debts, and
creates a trust term for the payment, as that is in the nature
of a specialty, it will make these, though simple contract
debts, carry interest " (e) .
But this dictum also is not in
conformity with the law as now established and cannot be
maintained (f) .
3. Pearce v. Slocombe.-But where A. and B. assigned
their joint property to C., D., and E. upon trust, in the first
(i) Hamilton v. Houghton, 2 Bligh,
186; and see Barwell v. Parker, 2
Ves . 364; Bath v . Bradford, Ib. 588 .
(a) Askew v . Thompson, 4 K. & J.
620.
(b) Jenkins v. Perry, 3 Y. & C. 183.
(c) Maxwell v. Wettenhall, 2 P. W.
27; Car v. Burlington, 1 P. W. 229.
(d) Barwell v . Parker, 2 Ves . 364.
It must be borne in mind, however,
that the practice of the Court in the
Chancery Division gives simple contract creditors a right to interest from
the date of the decree out of any
surplus assets after paying all debts,
and the interest of such as by law
carry interest ; see rules of Supreme
Court, Ord. 55, R. 63.
(e) Barwell v. Parker, 2 Ves . 364.
(f) Stone v . Van Heythuysen, Kay,
721; Clowes v. Waters, 16 Jur. 632.
712