*422
[CH. XVIII. S. 1 .
TRUSTEES FOR SALE .
without the previous sanction of the Court (a) ; but where a
suit has been instituted for the execution of the trust, that
(a) Earl of Bath v. Earl of Bradford, 2Ves. 590, per Lord Hardwicke.
Suydam, 6 Wall. 723; Stall v. Cincinnati, 16 Ohio St. 169 ; Rankin v. Rankin,
36 III . 293 ; instructions to make a division are insufficient ; Mapes v. Tyler,
43 Barb . 421 ; Winston v. Jones, 6 Ala. 550; Moore v. Lockett, 2 Bibb. 69.
The successor of a trustee may exercise the power of sale ; Buchanan v. Hart,
31 Tex. 647.
An authority to sell does not include the right to mortgage ;
Paine v. Barnes, 100 Mass. 470 ; Wood v. Goodridge, 6 Cush. 117; Ferry v.
Laible, 31 N. J. Eq. 567; Stokes v. Payne, 58 Miss. 614; Huntt v . Townshend,
31 Md. 338 ; Tyson v. Latrobe, 42 Md. 325 ; but see Goehring's App . 814 Pa.
St. 284; Zane v. Kennedy, 73 Pa. St. 183; but if trustee and cestui que trust
are parties to it, they cannot invalidate it; Ryder v. Sisson, 7 R. I. 341.
Where a trust is charged with debts, the trustee may have an option to sell
or mortgage, the latter being favored; Britton v. Lewis, 8 Rich. Eq. 271 ;
Duval's App . 38 Pa. St. 112; and a mortgage may be regarded as a conditional sale ; Leavitt v. Pell, 25 N. Y. 474; a partial sale or a mortgage does
not exhaust the power; Asay v . Hoover, 5 Barr, 21; if the court can provide
for raising money it may decree a mortgage or a sale ; Williamson v. Field, 2
Sandf. Ch . 533 .
A power to sell does not include an exchange ; King v. Whiton, 15 Wis .
684; School v. McCully, 11 Rich. 424; nor a partition ; Borel v. Rollins, 30
Cal. 408; Bradshaw v. Fane, 3 Drew, 536 ; but power to " sell and exchange "
authorizes partition; Phelps v . Harris, 51 Miss. 789; trustees may have power
to have a partition, although they personally cannot make it ; Naglee's Est.
52 Pa. St. 154; nor does a power include the right to convey to a cestui trust
or a legatee ; Goode v. Comfort, 39 Mo. 313 ; Russell v. Russell, 36 N. Y. 581 ;
or to lease; Hubbard v. Elmer, 7 Wend. 446; but see Treat v. Peck, 5 Conn.
280; unless strong reasons could be shown by the trustees ; Blake v. Sanderson, 1 Gray, 333 ; Hedges v. Riker, 5 Johns . Ch. 163 ; where the heirs hold
until sale, they have power to reap the profits ; Seymour v. Bull, 3 Day, 389.
The trustees in selling must act for the best interest of the cestuis que trust ;
Gould v. Chappele, 42 Md. 466 ; Chesley v. Chesley, 49 Mo. 540.
Trustees must give sufficient notice of the sale to bring about all reasonable competition, but no particular form of advertising is required; Harper v .
Hayes , 2 Gif. 216 ; Reeside v. Peter, 33 Md. 120; Stephenson v . January, 49
Mo. 465 ; Newman v. Jackson, 12 Wheat. 570 ; Cushman v. Stone, 69 III. 516;
if notice must be given at a particular place, notice elsewhere is void; Sears
v . Livermore, 17 Ia. 297;
if in discretion of trustee, advertising may be dispensed with ; M'Dermut v. Lorillard, 1 Edw . Ch. 273 ; any statutory requirements must be followed; Campbell v. Tagge , 30 Ia. 305; Stine v. Wilkson,
10 Mo. 75.
Mere inadequacy of price is not sufficient cause for setting aside
a sale ; Booker v. Anderson, 35 Ill. 66; Boehlert v . McBride, 48 Mo. 505;
Carter v. Abshire, 48 Mo. 300; Waterman v . Spaulding, 51 Ill. 425; Clark v.
Freedman's Savings Co. 100 U. S. 149 ; see also Carpenter v. Robinson, 1
Holmes, 67 ; Horsey v. Hough, 38 Md. 130 ; McNeil v. Gates, 41 Ark. 264 ;
Morse v . Hill, 136 Mass. 60 ; if there are two equally advantageous offers ,
the trustee may choose between them; Selby v. Bowie, 4 Gif. 300.
A trustee who takes no part in the sale is nevertheless responsible, for he
cannot delegate his power; Oliver v. Court, 8 Price, 166 ; Berger v. Duff, 4
574