CH. XIV . S. 2.]
CUSTODY OF THE TRUST PROPERTY.
*295
if the subject of the trust be articles which pass by delivery,
as plate, they should be deposited with the bankers of the
trustees (b) .
As to stocks transferred by delivery and payable to bearer, as Spanish bonds, Vice-Chancellor Wood
observed, that " no doubt the bonds might be kept at the
bankers' in a box with three locks, opened by three different
keys, one to be kept by each of the three trustees ; but as the
interest was payable upon coupons twice a year, so that the
box must be opened as often for that purpose, he thought
that ordinary prudence did not require such a course to be
adopted, more particularly as it would be the bankers' duty
to see that the coupons only were taken out of the box, and
that neither the box nor the securities were removed " ; and
so it was decided (c) .
[Where Russian Railway bonds which passed by delivery
were purchased by two trustees, and each of the trustees
took possession of a moiety of the bonds, but one of the
trustees disposed of the moiety held by him and applied the
proceeds for his own purposes, it was held that the other
trustee was liable for the misapplication, as it was the duty
of the trustees where the bonds were transferable by delivery
to take care that no improper disposition could be made of
them (d).]
4. Insurance.-An executor has been held not to be
answerable for having omitted to secure the safety of leasehold premises by insuring them against fire (e) .
5.
Trustee should place trust money in a responsible bank,
but not to his own credit.
If the subject of the trust be
money, it may be deposited for temporary purposes in some
responsible banking-house (f), but in such a manner that
(b) Mendes v . Guedalla, 2 J. & H.
259.
(c) Mendes v. Guedalla, 2 J. & H.
259; Consterdine v. Consterdine, 31
Beav.
331;
and
see
Matthews
v.
Brise, 6 Beav. 239.
[(d) Lewis v. Nobbs, 8 Ch. D. 591.]
(e) Bailey v . Gould, 4 Y. & C. 221 ;
and see Ex parte Andrews, 2 Rose,
410; Dobson v. Land, 8 Hare, 216;
Fry v. Fry, 27 Beav. 146.
(f) Routh v . Howell, 3 Ves . 565 ;
Jones v. Lewis, 2 Ves. 241 , per Lord
Hardwicke; Adams v. Claxton, 6Ves .
226; Ex parte Belchier, Amb. 219,
per Lord Hardwicke ; Attorney-General v . Randall, 21 Vin. Ab. 534, per
Lord Talbot; Massey v. Banner, 1
Jac. & W. 248, per Lord Eldon ; Horsley v. Chaloner, 2 Ves . 85, per Sir J.
Strange;
France
v. Woods, Taml.
172;
Lord Dorchester
v.
Earl
of
409