*298
[CH. XIV. S. 3.
CONVERSION.
the trust do not require a balance to be kept in hand he lend
a sum to the bank at interest upon no other security than
their notes, for this in effect cannot be distinguished from an
ordinary loan on personal security, which the Court never
sanctions (g) .
And if the trustees ought not under the circumstances to have left so large a balance in the hands of
the bankers, they will be liable for the excess beyond the
proper balance (h).
But trustees will not be liable for having left moneys in the hands of a respectable bank during
the first year from the testator's death, when there are no
special directions in the will for investment, and the estate
has not been wound up (i).
But they will be liable, if, during the first year they draw out of one bank money which
ought, by the will, to be invested in Government stocks, and
deposit it in another bank at interest, for this is an irregular
investment and not a deposit ; and a direction in the will
that the trustees should not be liable for any banker was held
not to be material (j) .
9. Mixing the trust property with private property.-The
trustee, wherever the trust property may be placed,
must always be careful not to amalgamate it with
his own, for, if he do, the cestui que trust will be held
entitled to every portion of the blended property, which the
trustee cannot prove to be his own (a).
SECTION
III.
OF CONVERSION.
1. General principle.- Express trusts for conversion, must,
of course, be strictly pursued according to the directions (b),
638.
(g) Darke v . Martyn, 1 Beav. 525.
(h) Astbury v. Beasley, 17 W. R.
(i) Johnson v . Newton, 11 Hare,
160; Swinfen v. Swinfen (No. 5), 29
Beav. 211 .
213.(j) Rehden v. Wesley, 29 Beav.
(a) Lupton v. White, 15 Ves. 432;
and Panton v. Panton, cited Ib. 440;
Chedworth v. Edwards, 8 Ves. 46;
White v. Lincoln, 8Ves. 363 ; Fellows
ข. Mitchell, 1 P. W. 83 ; Gray v.Haig,
20 Beav. 219; Duke of Leeds v . Amherst, 20 Beav. 239; Mason v. Morley
(No. 1), 34Beav. 471, and S. C. (No.
2), Ib . 475; Cook v. Addison, 7 L. R.
Eq. 466.
(b) See Craven v. Craddock, 20 L.
T. N. S. 638 .
412