*170
PURCHASE IN NAME OF A CHILD.
[CH. IX. S. 2.
competent to the person who paid the money to put a different construction upon the instrument at any subsequent
period, and claim the estate against his intentions at the time (a) ; and even if under such circumstances the legal
tenant agreed afterwards to execute a conveyance to the person who paid the money, the Court would not enforce
the contract, if merely voluntary (b) .
17. Effect of time.-The real purchaser may be barred of his interest by laches, for the presumption of a resulting trust
will not be raised, after a great length of time, more particularly if it be in opposition to the evidence afforded by the
actual enjoyment (c) .
Secondly : Where the purchase is made by a person in the name of a child, or wife, or near relative.
Advancement.
Where a father purchases in the name of
his child, the presumption of law is, that a provision was intended (d) .
The grounds of this doctrine are well stated
by Lord Chief Baron Eyre (e) .
(a) Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & J.
172, per Alexander, C. B.
(b) Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & J.
18, per Lord Eldon; Finch v . Finch,
15 Ves . 50, per eundem ; Fearne's P.
W. 327, &c.
["Where money
is
paid by one man to another, the legal
presumption is that it was paid in discharge of some prior debt or obligation, and not that it was meant as a
gift; and if money is paid by a father
to a son, and nothing beyond the fact
of payment is proved, there is no
legal obligation on the son to repay
it, and the equitable doctrine that
there is a presumption that moneys
advanced by a father to a son are
intended as a gift has no application.
The onus of proof is in the person
who claims repayment to show that
there was some contract rendering
the payee liable to repay the money,"
per Jessel, M. R., Ex parte Cooper,
W. N. 1882 , p. 96.]
163.
(c) Delane v. Delane, 7 B. Р. C.
279; and see Groves v. Groves, 3 Y.
& J. 172 ; Clegg v. Edmondson, 8 De
G. M. & G. 787 .
(d) Dyer v. Dyer, 2 Cox, 93 ; S. C.
1 Watk. Cop. 219, per Eyre, C. B.;
Grey v. Grey, 2 Swans. 597; S. C.
Finch , 340, per Lord Nottingham ;
Sidmouth v . Sidmouth, 2 Beav. 454,
per Lord Langdale ; Redington v.
Redington, 3
Ridg. 176, per Lord
Loughborough ; Christy v. Courtenay,
13 Beav. 96; Elliot v. Elliot, 2 Ch .
Ca. 231, agreed ; Bedwell v. Froome,
cited 2 Cox, 97, and 1 Watk. Cop .
224, per Sir T. Sewell; Goodright v.
Hodges, 1 Watk. Cop. 228, per Lord
Mansfield; Pole v. Pole. 1 Ves . 76,
per Lord Hardwicke ;
Lamplugh v.
Lamplugh , 1 P. W. 111, 2nd point;
Woodman v . Morrel, 2 Freem . 33, per
cur.; Murless v. Franklin, 1 Sw. 17,
(e) Dyer v. Dyer, 2 Cox, 94; S. C.
1 Watk. Cop. 218; and see Lord
Nottingham's observations in Grey v.
Grey, 2 Sw. 598.
•
234