CH. XIV. S. 2.]
CUSTODY OF THE TRUST PROPERTY .
*294
the receipts of trustees for any money securities or other
personal property or effects payable, transferable or deliverable to them under any trust or power, and whether the trust
be created before or after the commencement of the Act are
made sufficient discharges (b) .]
trust.
12. Receipt of a trustee who is known to intend a breach of
Where the holder of the money knows that the trustee intends to commit a breach of trust, it would not be safe
to pay to the trustee, whether he has by these Acts or otherwise a power of signing receipts or not.
But the fact of
such a knowledge must be brought home to the person paying, so as to make him particeps criminis, a privy to the
fraud (c) .
SECTION
II.
OF THE SAFE CUSTODY OF
CHATTELS .
1. Trustee must take same care of the trust property as of
his own.- Lord Northington once observed, " No man can
require or with reason expect that a trustee should manage
another's property with the same care and discretion that he
would his own " (d) ; but the maxim has never failed, as
often as mentioned, to elicit strong marks of disapprobation.
A trustee is called upon to exert precisely the same care and
solicitude in behalf of his cestuis que trust as he would do for
himself; but greater measure than this a Court of equity does
not exact (e).1
[(6) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 36.]
(c) See Fernie v. Maguire, 6 Ir.
Eq. Rep. 137.
(d) Harden v. Parsons, 1 Eden,
V. C. Bacon; Jones v. Lewis, 2 Ves .
241, per Lord Hardwicke ; Massey v.
Banner, 1 J. & W. 247, per Lord
Eldon; Attorney-General v. Dixie, 13
Ves. 534, per eundem ; [Re Speight,
22 Ch . D. 739, per Jessel, M. R.; S. C.
in D. P. 9 App. Cas . 19, per Lord
Blackburn .]
148.
(e) Morley v . Morley, 2 Ch. Cas.
2, per Lord Nottingham; Budge v.
Gummow, 7 L. R. Ch. App. 720, per
1 Custody by the trustees.- He must use due diligence in reducing the
choses in action to possession.
What is a reasonable time will depend
largely upon the circumstances of the case, as it would be ill advised to sell
property at a great sacrifice, when more could be obtained by waiting, and
the trustee does his duty if he exercises a reasonable discretion; Hester v.
Wilkinson, 6 Humph. 215; Wills's App. 22 Pa. St. 330.
Even though the
money had been placed by the settlor, the trustee must call it in, if it is
407