*85
[CH. VII . S. 1 .
LAWFUL TRUSTS .
is now matter of daily occurrence in settlements by way of
trust (b) .
4. Contingent remainders.
At law, except in executory
devises, a freehold contingent limitation must be supported by a freehold particular estate, and * if the
contingent limitation do not vest at the determination of the particular estate, it is extinguished (a), but to
trusts the rule is held not to be applicable, or, as the doctrine
is expressed, the legal estate in the trustees is sufficient to
support all the equitable interests (b) .
5. Limitations of chattels.-At law a chattel real can by
executory devise only, and not by deed, and a chattel personal
can neither by will nor by deed, be limited to one person for
life, with a limitation over to another ; but in trusts a chattel
interest, whether real or personal, can be subjected to any
number of limitations, provided there be no perpetuity(c) .
6. Trusts for a church or chapel.- If a testator before the
Statute of Mortmain (9 G. 2. c. 36) had devised to one that
served the cure of a church, and to all that should serve the
cure after him, all the tithes, profits, &c.; here, as the successive curates were not a body corporate, they were incapable of taking the legal estate, but equity carried the intention
into effect by way of trust, and decreed the devisee or heir
to hold in trust for the persons intended to be benefited (d) .
So on the erection of a chapel, the endowment cannot, without an act of parliament, be transmitted at law to the successive preachers and their congregations, but the ordinary
mode of accomplishing the object is by vesting the legal
estate of the property in trustees (with a power of renewing
their number on vacancies by death, &c.), upon trust to per(b) See Duke of Norfolk's case, 3
Ch . Ca. 35.
33.]
[(a) But see now 40 & 41 Vict. c.
(b) Chapman v. Blissett, Cas. t.
Talb . 145; Hopkins v. Hopkins, ib .
43.
[" The principle is, that as the
legal estate in the trustees fulfils all
feudal necessities, there being always
an estate of freehold in existing persons who can render the services to
the lord, there is no reason why the
limitations in remainder of the equitable interest should not take effect
according to the intention of the testator."
Per M. R. Abbiss v. Burney,
17 Ch . D. 211, 229.]
(c) See Lord Nottingham's observations in Duke of Norfolk's case, 3
Ch. Ca. 32.
(d) Anon. case, 2 Vent. 349.
116