CH. VII. S. 1.

*86

TRUSTS FOR PARISHIONERS .

mit the preacher and congregation for the time being to have
the use and enjoyment of the chapel.

7. Trust for the poor of a parish.-The limitation of an
estate to the poor of a parish would at law be void (e), because the rules of pleading require the claimants to bring
themselves under the gift, and no indefinite multitude, without
public allowance, can take by a general name ; but by way of
trust they are capable of purchasing, for they assert no title in
themselves, but only require the trustees to keep good faith (f) .

8. Trust of an advowson for the parishioners.-Again, an advowson cannot at law be given to a parish which is not a corporate body, but it may be vested in trustees, upon
trust for the "parishioners and inhabitants," that is,
the parishioners, being inhabitants (a) of a parish.
A trust of this kind is not considered a charity, but is administered on the footing of an ordinary trust, and application
must be made to the Court, not by way of information, but
by action (b) .
The case of an advowson held in trust for a
parish has been called an anomalous one. A valid trust, for
the benefit of a parish or the parishioners for ever, cannot be
made, except on the ground that it is a charity; and the
reasoning by which it is sought to bring it under this head
is, that the parishioners who elect get no personal benefit,
but it is a mode of selecting the charity trustee, for the incumbent who performs divine service and ministers to the
spiritual wants of the parish is in a large sense a trustee for
the parish (c) .

9. Who shall elect the clerk.-From the infinite mischiefs
arising from popular election (d), the Court, where the settlement does not expressly give the election to the parishioners,
(e) Co. Lit. 3, а.
(f) Gilb. on Uses, 44.
(a) Fearon v . Webb, 14 Ves. 24,
per Chief Baron M'Dunald; ib. 26,
per Baron Graham ;
Wainwright v.
Bagshaw, Rep. t. Hardwicke, by Ridg.
56, per Lord Hardwicke.
(b) Attorney-General v. Forster, 10
Ves. 344; Attorney-General v. Newcombe, 14 Ves. 1; Fearon v. Webb,
ib. 19.
(c) Attorney-General v. Webster,
20 L. R. Eq. 483, see 491 .
(d) See, in addition to the cases
cited in the next note, the observations of Vice-Chancellor Knight
Bruce, Attorney-General v. Cuming,
2 Y. & C. Ch. Ca. 158; and 19 & 20
Vict. c. 50, authorizing the sale of
advowsons held upon trust for parishioners .