CH. VIII. S. 2.

IMPLIED TRUSTS .

Default of the vendor, as by fire (j), or dilapidations (k), the loss will fall on the purchaser; and if the accident by which the damage arises brings with it legal obligations which must be immediately answered, and which the vendor satisfies, the expense thus incurred must be borne by the purchaser (a).

But where pending the completion of a purchase of copyholds the trustee for sale died, and a new admittance became necessary, it was held that the expense of the fine must be borne by the trust estate (b).

Should the estate become by any accident more valuable, the purchaser then will take the improvement (c).

It should be observed, however, that the vendor is, after all, a trustee sub modo only, for he cannot be compelled to deliver up the possession until the purchase-money has been paid (d).

And so the purchaser is only a cestui que trust sub modo, and he cannot enforce any equitable rights attached to the estate until the contract has been completed (e).

21. It would be endless to pursue implied trusts through all their ramifications; a subject so extensive that years might be passed in the study of equitable jurisprudence, without exhausting so ample a field; but the leading general principles by which the Courts are guided may be gathered sufficiently for our purpose from the few examples given.

(j) Paine v. Meller, 6 Ves. 349;
Harford v. Purrier, 1 Mad. 539, per Sir T. Plumer; Acland v. Gaisford, 2 Mad. 32, per eundem. As to Stent v. Bailis, 2 P. W. 220, see Paine v. Meller, 6 Ves. 352.

260.

(k) Minchin v. Nance, 4 Beav. 332.

(a) Robertson v. Skelton, 12 Beav.

(b) Paramore v. Greenslade, 1 Sm.

(c) See Harford v. Purrier, 1 Mad. 539; Revell v. Hussey, 2 B. & Β. 287; Paine v. Meller, 6 Ves. 352; Spurrier v. Hancock, 4 Ves. 667; White v. Nutts, 1 P. W. 61.

(d) See Acland v. Gaisford, 2 Mad. 32; Wall v. Bright, 1 J. & W. 494; M'Creight v. Foster, 5 L. R. Ch. App. 604; Giff. 541.

70.

(e) See Tasker v. Small, 3 M. & Cr.