FOR RAISING PORTIONS .
intended to satisfy the obligation by a bequest in his will,
but before the will takes effect the marriage occurs, and
he makes the like provision for her by act inter vivos .
In
such a case the Court presumes that the father did not mean
to bestow two portions upon the daughter at the expense
perhaps of his other children, but to substitute the one
portion for the other.
Equity therefore holds that the
subsequent (b) advance is an ademption of the legacy.
" Where," said Lord Eldon, " a parent or person standing
loco parentis gives a legacy as a portion, and afterwards,
upon marriage or any other occasion calling for it, makes
an advance in the nature of a portion to the child, that will
amount to an ademption of the gift by the will, and this
Court will presume he meant to satisfy the one by the
other " (c).
Ademption, therefore, is where the will precedes, and the settlement follows .
If, again, a father by act inter vivos covenants to settle
1,000l. on the marriage of his daughter, and afterwards
either by act inter vivos (d) or by will gives 1,000l. to the
same daughter, here the Court leaning against double portions precludes the daughter (in the absence of evidence
to the contrary) from taking both the marriage portion and
also the subsequent gift or legacy, and puts her to her election which one of the two she will prefer (e) .
Satisfaction
therefore, is where the settlement precedes and the gift or
legacy follows.
It might have been wise, as observed V. C.
Wood, if the rule had never been applied where the settlement is anterior to the gift or will, as the testator or donor
might well be said to know what had been previously
done (f) .
But the law is established otherwise, and in
general terms Satisfaction may be defined to be the donation
(b) A gift prior to the will is no
ademption, unless it be especially contracted for, see Taylor v. Cartwright,
14 L. R. Eq. 176.
(c) Trimmer v. Bayne, 7 Ves . 515.
(d) Jesson v. Jesson,2 Vern. 255 ;
Thomas
v. Kemeys, 2 Vern . 348 ;
Keays v . Gilmore, 8 I. R. Eq. 290.
(e) Copley v. Copley, 1 P. W.147;
Papillon v. Papillon, 11 Sim . 642 ;
Warren v. Warren, 1 B. С. С. 305,
&c.; Byde
v. Byde, 2 Eden , 19 ;
Sparkes v. Cator, 3 Ves. 530, &c.;
Hinchcliffe v . Hinchcliffe, 3 Ves. 516 ;
Weall v. Rice, 2 R. & M. 251 ; Bruen
v.Bruen , 2 Vern. 439.
(f) Dawson v. Dawson, 4 L. R.
Eq. 513 ; per V. C. Wood.
547