*260
[CH. XIII.
TRUST A JOINT OFFICE.
[*260] * the 13th section the majority of the charity trustees may, with the sanction of the charity commissioners, sue, as if they were the sole trustees .
7. Trustees of charities.
Where a numerous body are
appointed trustees by the Court, as in cases of charity, the
Court sometimes, for greater convenience, annexes to the
order a direction that part of them shall form a quorum.
8. Dividends and rents.
-If stock be standing in the names
of several co-trustees, then, as they are joint tenants, and
the Bank does not recognize the trust, any one of them may
receive the dividends, though all must join in the sale of the
corpus ; and the Court itself has occasionally directed the
dividends of stock, standing under its control, to be paid to
one of several trustees (a).
And in the case of Bank annuities standing to the credit of trustees of a charity, the Court
to prevent the necessity of recurring applications on changes
of trustees, made an order for payment of the dividends " to
the trustees or any two of them, or to other the trustees for
the time being or any two of them " (b), and in another case
for payment to the " trustees for the time being or one of
them " (c) .
Where there are co-trustees of lands, any one
of them may receive the rents, though all must concur in a
conveyance (d).
But if there be two trustees, and one of
them receives the rents and misapplies them, and the other
trustee has notice of this, it is the duty of such other trustee
to serve a notice on the tenants not to pay their rents to the
defaulting trustee alone, and if he omit to do this or to take
the necessary steps for insuring the safety of the rents, as
against the defaulting trustee, he will himself become liable(e).
9. Co-trustees should not sever in legal proceedings.-As
co-trustees are a joint body, the Court requires them, unless
under special circumstances, to defend a suit jointly, and if