*379
[Сн. XV.
RENEWAL OF LEASES .
11. Tenant for life refusing to renew.-It has been said,
that if from the threats or acts of the tenant for life
[*379] there appears the intention of suffering the lease * to
expire, the Court would appoint a receiver of the
estate to provide a fund for the renewal (a); and that if the
tenant for life has already allowed the period for renewal
to pass, the rents and profits may be impounded for either
procuring a renewal (6), or finding the remainderman a compensation (c) .
But no suit for damages can be effectually
prosecuted before the tenant for life's decease ; for so long as
it remains uncertain how much of the renewed term will survive to the remainderman, the amount of the injury done to
him cannot be ascertained (d) .
It follows that the mere
forbearance of the remainderman to bring a suit during the
continuance of the life estate cannot be construed into laches
or acquiescence (e) .
12. Admission fines in copyholds. - The fines, fees and
expenses of the admission of new trustees to copyholds must
be borne by the tenant for life and remaindermen in proportion to their respective interests, according to the principles
which regulate the renewal of leaseholds.
Thus a testator
devises copyholds to A. and his heirs upon trust for B. for
life, with remainder to C. in fee.
A. pays a fine on his
admission and dies.
His heir is admitted and pays a fine
and dies, and his heir again is admitted and pays a fine .
Thus the fine for the admission of the trustee is a kind of
purchase-money for an estate for life of that trustee.
The
burthen must be borne by the cestuis que trust of the estate,
and they contribute to the fines in proportion to their actual
enjoyment, as in the case of leaseholds (f) .
These observations are on the assumption that the will or settlement contains no express directions how the fines are to be raised.
(a) See Bennett v. Colley, 2 M. &
Κ. 233.
(b) See S. C. 5 Sim. 192.
(c) S. C. 5 Sim. 181 ; 2 M. & Κ.
225; and see Lord Montfort v. Lord
Cadogan, 17 Ves . 490.
(d) Bennett v. Colley, 5 Sim. 181 ;
S. C. 2 M. & K. 225 ; Harris v . Harris
(No. 3), 32 Beav. 333.
(e) Bennett v. Colley, 5 Sim. 181 ;
2 Μ. & Κ. 225 .
(f) Carter v . Sebright, 26 Beav .
374; and see Playters v. Abbott, 2 M.
& K. 108; Bull v. Birbeck, 2 Y. & C.
C. C.447; Jones v . Jones, 5Hare, 461.