SIXTH SCHEDULE.

*163

THE PERSON WHO PAYS THE MONEY AND THE PERSON IN WHOM THE CONVEYANCE IS TAKEN.

The clear result," said Lord Chief Baron Eyre, "of all the cases, without a single exception, is that the trust of a legal estate, whether freehold, copyhold, or leasehold; whether taken in the names of the purchaser and others jointly, or in the name of others without that of the purchaser; whether in one name or several, whether jointly (a), or successive (b), results to the man who advances the purchase-money (c); and it goes on a strict analogy to the rule of the common law, that where a feoffment is made without consideration, the use results to the feoffor " (d).

2. WHO IN PARTICULAR CASES IS THE REAL PURCHASER.

But no trust will result unless the person advance the money in the character of a purchaser; for if A. discharge the purchase-money by way of loan to B., in whose name the conveyance is taken, no trust will result in favour of A., who is merely a creditor of B. (e).

And, on the other hand, should B. advance the purchase-money, but only on account of A., (a) See Ex parte Houghton, 17 Ves. 251; Rider v. Kidder, 10 Ves. 367.

(b) Withers v. Withers, Amb. 151; Howe v. Howe, 1 Vern. 415; Goodright v. Hodges, 1 Watk. Cop. 227; S.C. Lofft, 230; Smith v. Baker, 1 Atk. 385; Clark v. Danvers, 1 Ch. Ca. 310; Prankerd v. Prankerd, 1 S. & S. 1.

(c) Redington v. Redington, 3 Ridg. 177, per Lord Loughborough; Hungate v. Hungate, Tothill, 120; Ex parte Vernon, 2 P. W. 549; Ambrose v. Ambrose, 1 P. W. 321; Willis v. Willis, 2 Atk. 71; Woodman v. Morrel, 2 Freem. 33, per Cur.; ib. 123; Finch v. Finch, 15 Ves. 50, per Lord Eldon; Grey v. Grey, 2 Sw. 597; S.C. Finch, 340, per Lord Nottingham; Wray v. Steele, 2 V. & B. 390, per Sir T. Plumer; Smith v. Camelford, 2 Ves. jun. 712, per Lord Loughborough; Anon. 2 Vent. 361; Pelly v. Maddin, 21 Vin. Ab. 498; Lever v. Andrews, 7 B. R. S. 288; Lade v. Lade, 1 Wils. 21; Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & J. 170, per Ch. Bar. Alexander; Murless v. Franklin, 1 Sw. 17, 18, per Lord Eldon; Crop v. Norton, 9 Mod. 235; S.C. Barn. 184; S.C. 2 Atk. 75, per Lord Hardwicke; Trench v. Harrison, 17 Sim. 111; James v. Holmes, 4 De G. F. & J. 470.

(d) Dyer v. Dyer, 2 Cox, 93; S.C. 1 Watk. Cop. 218.

(e) See Bartlett v. Pickersgill, 1 Eden, 516; Crop v. Norton, 9 Mod. 235.