*575
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[CH. XXIII . S. 1.
legal remaindermen.
It is, however, now clearly settled,
that whatever may be the legal liability of a legal tenant for
life in respect of permissive waste (c), the trustee cannot
(where there is no special clause of management) interfere
with the possession of an equitable tenant for life who
neglects to repair (d) .
9. Legal rights.- Equitable rights.- In other respects the
rights in equity must, it is conceived, be governed by those
at law.
Thus a legal tenant for life may cut timber for the
purpose of repairs (e), though he may not cut timber to sell
it and apply the produce (f), or to repay himself the outlay
in repairs (g) ; and similarly the trustee may, it is conceived,
as against the remainderman, cut timber for necessary repairs,
if the tenant for life will consent to an application of income
towards repairs in making use of the timber.
The repairs
by a tenant for life, however substantial and lasting, are his
own voluntary act, and do not arise from any obligation, and
he cannot claim any charge for them upon the inheritance (h) .
Repairs and improvements.
Nor [before the Settled Land
Act, 1882, would] the Court at his instance direct
[*575] lasting * improvements to be made (a) ; and though
it was said by the Court in one case that the rule
might not be absolutely without exception, as if there were
a settled estate, and a fund directed to be laid out in the
purchase to the same uses, it might be more beneficial to the
(c) Powys v . Blagrave, 4 De G. M.
and G. 458, and cases there cited by
Lord Cranworth ; Harnett
v. Maitland, 16 M. & W. 257.
Now by 36
& 37 Vict . c. 66, where there is any
conflict between the rules of Equity
and the rules of Common Law, the
rules of Equity are to prevail.
of the Court, cut and sell timber ripe
and fit for cutting, but three-fourths
of the net proceeds are to be retained
in settlement.]
(d) Powys v. Blagrave, Kay, 495 ;
4 De G. M. & G. 448; and see Re
Skingley, 3 Mac. and G. 221; Gregg
v. Coates, 23 Beav. 33.
(e) Co. Lit. 54 b.
(f) Co. Lit. 53 6.
[But now by
the Settled Land Act 1882, s. 35, a
tenant for life, whether legal or equitable, may, with the consent of the
trustees of the settlement, or an order
(g) Gower v . Eyre, G. Coop . 156 ;
and see Duke of Marlborough v. St.
John, 5 De G. & Sm. 181.
(h) Hibbert v. Cooke, 1 S. & S.
552 ; Caldecott v. Brown, 2 Hare,
144; and see Bostock v. Blakeney, 2
В. С. С. 653 ; Hamer v. Tilsley, Johns.
486; Dent v. Dent, 30 Beav. 363 ;
Floyer v. Bankes, 8 L. R. Eq. 115 ;
Gilliland v. Crawford, 4 I. R. Eq. 35 ;
Re Leigh's Estate, 6 L. R. Ch . App.
887 .
582.
(a) Nairn v. Majoribanks, 3 Russ.
1
778