CH. XIV. S. 4.

*324

INVESTMENT.

the dividend, it is not the practice to pay to the tenant for life the estimated amount of the current dividend out of the proceeds (a), although it was held in one case under very special circumstances, that the tenant for life was entitled to an apportionment (b).

[And so after a purchase of stock
between two dividend days the tenant for life will be entitled to the whole dividend which is declared on the dividend day subsequent to the purchase (c).]

45. Mortgage to replace stock and pay interim dividends. Under the ordinary power of varying securities, a trustee would not be justified in lending a sum of stock upon a mortgage of real estate, conditioned for the replacement of the specific stock at a future day, and the payment of half-yearly sums equal to what * would have been [*324] the dividends in the mean time.

For the exercise of
the power must be supposed to be beneficial to the parties
interested,
or some of them ;
whereas, in this case, it is
difficult to point out what possible advantage can accrue,
though the dividends be paid and the stock replaced.
Nothing more is secured to the trust than would have been
the effect of the original investment had it remained in statu
quo ; while a Government security is changed for the risk of
a private security, and perhaps some expense incurred, and
all this for no purpose.
In short, such an arrangement
would look like an accommodation to a friend, rather than
as an investment in furtherance of the trust (a).

46. Mortgage to replace stock and pay interim interest.
The case is not so objectionable when the stock is to be
replaced, and in the mean time interest exceeding the dividend is to be paid on the amount produced by the sale ; for here, one of the persons whose interest is to be consulted,
viz ., the tenant for life, does receive a benefit in præsenti,
and the remainderman, if he outlive the tenant for life and
(a) Scholefield v. Redfern, 2 Dr. & Sm. 173 ; Freeman v. Whitbread,
1 L. R. Eq. 266 ; and see Re Ingram's Trust, 11 W. R. 980 ; Bostock v.
Blakeney, 2 В. С. С. 654.

(b) Lord Londesborough v. Somerville, 19 Beav. 295.

[(c) Re Clarke, 18 Ch. D. 160.]

(a) Since the above remarks were
written, judicial opinions have been
expressed to
this
effect ;
Pell υ.
De Winton, 2 De G. & J. 18; Whitney v. Smith, 4 L. R. Ch. App. 519,
521.