LIABILITY OF CO-EXECUTORS.

Co-executors, like co-trustees, are generally answerable each for his own acts only, and not for the acts of any co-executor (b). But in respect of receipts, the case of co-executors is different. If an executor joins in giving a receipt he is liable, for he is not obliged to join for conformity, and has an individual authority in reference to the estate (c).

The result of his Lordship's judgment was that under the circumstances disclosed by the Master's report, the trustees were to be held responsible for the loss of the money.

6. Executor answerable for joining in receipts pro forma.
Co-executors also, like co-trustees, are generally answerable each for his own acts only, and not for the acts of any co-executor (b). But in respect of receipts, the case of co-executors is different. If an executor joins in giving a receipt he is liable, for he is not obliged to join for conformity, and has an individual authority in reference to the estate (c).

(c) 3 Sw. 67.
(a) 3 Sw. 71 ; see Thompson v. Finch, 22 Beav. 326.
(b) Hargthorpe v. Milforth, Cro. Eliz. 318; Anon. Dyer, 210a; Wentw. Off. Ex. 306, 14 edit.; Williams v. Nixon, 2 Beav. 472.
1 Co-executors .-Executors, like trustees, are as a rule liable for their own acts only; McKim v. Aulbach, 130 Mass. 481 ; Sutherland v. Brush, 7 Johns. Ch. 17; Kerr v. Kirkpatrick, 8 Ired. Eq. 137 ; Kerr v. Water, 19 Ga. 136; White v. Bullock, 20 Barb. 91 ; Clarke v. Jenkins, 3 Rich. Eq. 318.
If, however, an executor joins in giving a receipt he is liable, for he is not obliged to join for conformity, and has an individual authority in reference to the estate; Monell v. Monell, 5 Johns. Ch. 283 ; Johnson v. Johnson, 2 Hill, Eq. 290; Sterrett's App. 2 Pa. 219 ; Monahan v. Gibbons, 19 Johns. 427 ; likewise if he join in power of sale, though he receives none of the money; Hauser v. Lehman, 2 Ired. 594; Deaderick v. Cantrell, 10 Yerg. 263 ; Ochiltree v. Wright, 1 Dev. & B. Eq. 336 ; yet some cases try to put trustees and executors on the same footing in this respect; McKim v. Aulbach, 130 Mass. 481 ; M'Nair's App. 4 Rawle, 145; Stell's App. 10 Barr, 152.

If an executor joins in giving a receipt he is liable, for he is not obliged to join for conformity, and has an individual authority in reference to the estate (c).