CH. XVIII . S. 3.

*487

PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .

with as little effect examine how far the trustee has made an
undue use of information acquired by him in the course of
his duty in the one case as in the other (c) .
4. Agent of trustee may not buy.-And the rule against
purchasing the trust property applies to an agent employed
by the trustee for the purposes of the sale, as strongly as to
the trustee himself (d).
And an agent not for sale, but for
management only (e) , and a receiver appointed by the Court (f)
stand in a confidential relation, and cannot purchase without putting themselves at arm's length, and a full disclosure of their knowledge ; [and the partner of a trustee, or
any other person through whom the trustee may directly
or indirectly derive benefit by reason of the purchase, cannot
purchase the trust property from the trustee (g) . ]
5. Trustees may not lease to themselves.- The lease of an
estate is in fact the sale of a partial interest in it, and therefore trustees for sale cannot demise to one of themselves,
but the lessee, while he shall be held to his bargain if disadvantageous to him, shall be made to account for the profits
if it be in his favour (h) .
*6.
Specific performance.—Where a trustee for [*487]
sale was the purchaser by an agent at the auction,
the heir of the trustee had no right to have the contract
completed at the expense of the personal estate, though the
cestuis que trust were willing to acquiesce in the sale (a) .
7. Trustee may purchase from the cestui que trust.
When
it is said that a trustee for sale may not purchase the trust
property, the meaning must be understood to be that the
trustee may not purchase from himself, that is, he cannot

(c) Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves . 381,
see 400; Coles v. Trecothick, 9 Ves .
248, per Lord Eldon; and see Gregory
v . Gregory, G. Coop. 204 ; [Mockerjee
v . Mockerjee, 2 L. R. Ind. App. 18.]
(d) Whitcomb v. Minchin, 5 Mad.
91; In re Bloye's Trust, 1 Mac . & G.
488, see 495 ;
[Martinson v. Clowes , 21
Ch . D. 857.]
(e) King v. Anderson, 8 I. R. Eq.
147, 625 ; Alven v. Bond, 1 Flan. &
Kelly, 196.
(f) Alven v. Bond, 1 Flan. & Kelly,
196; White v. Tommy, referred to,
Ib . 224.
[(g) Ex parte Moore, 51 L. J. N.
S. Ch. 72; 45 L. T. N. S. 558; Ex
parte Burnell, 7 Jur. 116.]
(h) Ex parte Hughes, 6 Ves . 617 ;
Attorney-General v. Earl of Clarendon, 17 Ves . 491, see 500.
(a) Ingle v. Richards (No. 1) , 28
Beav. 361 .
659