*133
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
uncertainty arises from the circumstance that the
[*133] Court has not before it for its *guidance the whole
intention of the testator in reference to the object:
and in such a case the Court will make a declaration that
the devisee or legatee is a trustee for objects unascertainable,
and (unless the trust was by way of charge upon the estate
of the devisee or legatee) will decree a resulting trust for
the benefit of the heir-at-law or next of kin, according to
the nature of the property (a) .
5. Uncertainty of the objects.-"Family."- The objects have
been held to be uncertain where personal estate was given to
A., with a hope " that he would continue it in the family "(b) ;
but, as regards personal estate, the word family has been
sometimes construed as equivalent to relations, that is next
of kin (c) ; and where freeholds were so devised, it was held
that by " family" was to be understood the worthiest member of it, viz ., the heir-at-law (d) .
But the designation was
held to be too uncertain as to freeholds, where the request
was to distribute " amongst such members of the person's
family" as he should think most deserving (e) .
"Heirs."- In another case both real and personal estate were
blended together, and given to A., in full confidence that
she would devise the whole of the estate to " such of the
heirs of the testator's father as she might think best deserved"
(a) Corporation of Gloucester v .
Wood, 3 Hare, 131 ; Briggs v. Penny,
3 Mac. & G. 546 ; Bernard v. Minshull, Johns. 276 ; see and consider
the observations of V. C. Wood, ib.
286.
(b) Harland v. Trigg, 1 B. С. С.
142.
See Wright v. Atkyns, G. Coop.
121; Woods v. Woods, 1 M. & C. 401 ;
Re Parkinson's Trust, 1 Sim . N. S.
242; Williams v. Williams, 1 Sim. N.
S. 358 ; Lambe v. Eames, 10 L. R.
Eq . 267 ; 6 L. R. Ch . App. 597; but
see White v . Briggs, 2 Phil. 583 ; and
Liley v . Hey, 1 Hare, 580.
(c) Cruwys v. Colman, 9 Ves. 319 ;
Grant v . Lynam, 4 Russ. 292.
[But
the primary meaning of the word
"family" in a will is " children," and
any other meaning must be supplied
by the context, Pigg v. Clarke, 3 Ch.
D. 672; and under a testamentary
gift by a married man to his family,
his widow takes no interest; see Re
Hutchinson and Tenant, 8 Ch. D. 540.
As to the meaning of the word " family," when occurring in a power of selection, see Sinnott v. Walsh, 3 L.
R. Ir. 12 ; 5 L. R. Ir. 27.]
(d) Atkyns v. Wright, 17 Ves . 255;
S. C. 19 Ves . 299 ; S. C. G. Coop . 111;
and see S. C. T. & R. 143; Malone v.
O'Connor, Ll. & G. temp . Plunket,
465; Griffiths v. Evans, 5 Beav. 241;
White v. Briggs, 2 Phil. 583 ; Green
v. Marsden, 1 Drew. 646.
(e) Greenv. Marsden, 1 Drew. 646.