CH. XIV. S. 4.

INVESTMENT.

but it is conceived that the doubt is purely technical, and
has no solid foundation (b).

[The capital stocks created under the subsequent East
India Loan Acts are, by those Acts, expressly directed to
be deemed to be East India stock within 22 & 23 Vict. c.
35, s . 32, unless and until Parliament shall otherwise provide (c). ]

India Railway Stock.- Railway stock guaranteed by the
Indian Government is not within the Act (d) .

5. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38.-By s. 10 of 23 & 24 Vict. c . 38,
the Court of Chancery was empowered to issue general
orders from time to time as to the investment of cash subject
to its jurisdiction, either " in Three per Cent. Consolidated,
or Reduced, or New Bank Annuities, or in such other stocks,
funds, or securities " as the Court should think fit ; and by
the following section, trustees, executors, or administrators,
" having power to invest their trust funds upon Government
securities, or upon parliamentary stocks, funds, or securities,
or any of them," may invest " in any of the stocks, funds, or
securities, in or upon which, by such general order," cash
may be invested by the Court (e) .

6. General order.
- A General Order, dated February 1,
1861, was issued under the powers of this Act (which order
has recently been annulled by the Rules of the Supreme
Court, 1883, and its place supplied, in a slightly modified
form, by Order 22, Rules 17 and 18, as follows :
R. 17. " Cash under the control of, or subject to the order
of, the Court may be invested in Bank stock, East India
stock, Exchequer bills, and 21. 10s. per cent. Annuities, and
upon mortgage of freehold and copyhold estates respectively
(b) As to the parties to be served,
see Re Price's Estate, W. N. 1872, p .
159.
[(c) See 32 & 33 Vict. c. 106, s. 16;
36 Vict. c. 32, s. 16; 37 Vict. c. 3, s.
17; 40 & 41 Vict. c. 51, s. 18 ; 42 &
43 Vict. c. 60, s. 18; 43 Vict. c. 10,
s.14.]
(d) Green v. Angell, W. N. 1867,
р.305.
[(e) In this section the power is a
general one, without the exception
contained in 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s . 32,
and it will not be overruled by an
express direction in the instrument
creating the trust that the
investments are to be confined to those
enumerated therein.
In re Wedderburn's Trusts, 9 Ch. D. 112.]

429