*347
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
the acts he has done.
If under the best advice he could
procure he acts wrongly, it is his misfortune ; but public
policy requires that he should be the person to suffer" (a) .
In one case where a testator had executed a promissory
note in Switzerland for 600l., but by a counter-note executed
shortly after it was declared that 400l. only was due upon
valuable consideration, but a Swiss Court, upon proceedings
taken there, had awarded the payment of the whole 600l.,
and the executor in England (though by our law but 400l.
was demandable) had discharged the whole amount, Lord
Alvanley observed, " If the executor had taken advice, and
been advised by any gentleman of the law in this country that
he was bound to make this payment, I would not have held him
liable, for I will not permit a testator to lay a trap for his
executor, by doing afoolish act which may mislead him " (b) .
But these remarks were addressed to the special circumstances of the case, and must not be taken as impugning
the general rule.
12. Foreign law.
Every executor is taken to know the
law of his country, but otherwise as to foreign laws.
Thus,
where a legacy was given to a married woman domiciled in
Scotland, and before payment of the legacy the husband
died, and the executors of the testator paid the legacy to the
wife, and the executors of the husband afterwards sued the
executors of the testator for the same legacy on the ground
that, by the law of Scotland where the wife was domiciled,
the chose en action did not survive as by the law of England
to the wife, but passed to the representatives of the husband, it was held, that the executors were not bound to know
the law of Scotland, and that as they had acted accord(a) Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch. & Lef.
243; and see Re Knight's Trusts, 27
Beav. 49; Urch v. Walker, 3 M. & Cr.
705, 706 ; Turner v. Maule, 3 De G.
& Sm. 497; Peers v. Ceeley, 15 Beav.
209; Ex parte Norris, 4 L. R. Ch .
App. 280.
[Re Jackson, 44 L. T. N. S.
467.]
In Boulton v. Beard, 3 De G.
M. & G. 608, the fact that the trustees
had acted upon the advice of counsel,
though stated at the bar, was not in
evidence, which may account for the
silence of the L. J.J. upon this point
in their judgments.
(b) Vez v. Emery, 5 Ves. 141. As
to the effect in reference to costs, of
acting under advice of counsel, see
Angier v. Stannard, 3 M. & Κ. 566;
Devey v . Thornton, 9 Hare, 232;
Field v . Donoughmore, 1 Dru. & War.
234.