*462
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.
Settled Land Act, which will be subsequently discussed (a),]
the trustees and the executor together can sell (6), and the
question is, upon what principle this proceeds.
Is the executor the vendor, and if so, has he a legal power which enables
him to pass the estate at law independently of the trustee ?
V. C. (late L. J.) Knight Bruce seemed, on one occasion, to
think that the cases of Shaw v. Borrer and Ball v. Harris
might have been decided on this footing (c) , and some recent
cases lean in the same direction (d).
But the notion of the
executor passing the legal estate in such a case was never
suggested until the last few years, and what was said by the
Court of Exchequer in Doe v. Hughes was at least true at
the time it was spoken, viz ., that not a single case could be
produced in which a mere charge had been held to give the
executors a legal power (e).
Have the executors
[*462] * then an equitable power, and is the trustee who has
the legal estate bound to convey it as the executor
directs ?
This doctrine would be a very rational one, but
there is no trace of it in the cases themselves.
Apparently
they were decided on the familiar principle that in a Court
of Equity there is no difference between a charge of debts
and a trust for payment of debts (a), and that the trustees
[(a) Post, p. 470.]
(b) Shaw v. Borrer, 1 Keen , 559 ;
Ball v . Harris, 8 Sim. 485 ; S. C. 4 M.
& Cr. 264; Page v. Adam, 4 Beav.
269; and see Forbes v. Peacock, 11
Sim. 152; 12 Sim. 528; 11 M. & W.
630; 1 Ph . 717 ; Sabin v. Heape, 27
Beav. 553 ; Corser v. Cartwright, 7 L.
R. H. L. 731.
In Shaw v. Borrer, the
trustees and executors were co-plaintiffs, and the prayer of the bill was,
that the purchase-money might be
paid to the executors.
This, if done,
by the order of the Court, would indemnify the trustees; but it did not
follow that the trustees, on the completion of the sale out of Court, could
have allowed the executors to receive
the money.
The question to whom
the money should be paid was not
adverted to in the argument, nor
does it appear to whom it was paid.
(c) Gosling v. Carter, 1 Coll. 649.
(d) See Robinson v. Lowater, 17
Beav. 592; 5 De G. M. & G. 272;
Eidsforth v . Armstead, 2 K. & J. 333 ;
Wrigley v. Sykes, 21 Beav. 337;
Storry v . Walsh, 18 Beav. 568; Colyer v. Finch, 5 H. L. Ca. 905 ; Hodkinson
v. Quinn,
1
J. & Η. 310;
Greetham v. Colton, 34 Beav. 615.
(e) Doe v. Hughes, 6 Exch . 231.
[See Re Tanqueray-Willaume and
Landau, 20 Ch. D. 476, where it was
regarded as settled law, that a charge
alone would not enable the executors
to pass the legal estate.]
(a) Elliott v. Merryman, Barn. 81;
Exparte Turner, 9 Mod. 418 ; Jenkins
v. Hiles, 6 Ves. 654, note (a) ; Bailey
v. Ekins , 7 Ves. 323; Ball v. Harris,
4 M. & Cr. 267; Wood v. White, 4 Μ.
& Cr. 482; Commissioners of Donations v. Wybrants, 2 Jon. & Lat. 197.