CH. XVIII. S. 1.

*434

TRUSTEES FOR SALE .

separate from the minerals, and the minerals separate from
the surface, and such sales for the time past, where they have
not been the subject of litigation, either concluded or pending, are confirmed.
[32. In the case of a sale by the tenant for life under the
Settled Land Act, 1882, the sale may be made either of land
with or without an exception or reservation of all or any of
the mines and minerals therein, or of any mines and minerals, and in any such case with or without a grant or reservation of powers of working, wayleaves or rights of way,
rights of water and drainage, and other powers, easements,
rights and privileges for or incident to or connected with
mining purposes, in relation to the settled land, or any
other land (c) .
During the minority of the tenant for life,
or person having the powers of a tenant for life, this power
may be exercised by the persons who are trustees of the
settlement for the purposes of the Act, if any, and if there
are none then by such persons as the Court may direct (d) . ]
33.
Where the estate is settled the timber cannot be sold
separately.-If lands be devised to trustees in trust to sell
for payment of debts, and, subject to that charge, are given
to A. for life without impeachment ofwaste, with remainders
over, the trustees must not raise the money by a sale of timber, which would be a hardship on the tenant for life, but
by a sale of part of the estate itself; and should they have
improperly resorted to a fall of timber, the tenant for life
would have a charge upon the lands to the amount of the
proceeds (e) .
34. Implied reconversion.-If a fund be subject to the
ordinary trusts of a marriage settlement, with a power
of varying securities and of selling out * any part [*434]
thereof and investing the proceeds on a purchase of
a freehold estate to be held " upon such trusts as will best
and nearest correspond with the trusts thereinbefore declared"
beneficiaries, they must be served;
Re Brown's Trust Estate,9 Jur. N. S.
349; Re Palmer's Will, 13 L. R. Eq.
[(d) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38, s. 60; and
see Re Duke of Newcastle's Estates,
24 Ch. D. 129.]
408.
[(c) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38, s. 17.]
425.
(e) Davies v. Wescombe, 2 Sim.
591