*447
[CH. XVIII . S. L.
TRUSTEES
FOR SALE.

62. Sale by mortgagee.- In a mortgage accompanied with
a power of sale, the mortgagee, who is a quasi trustee, can
under the power make a title to the purchaser without the
concurrence of the mortgagor (6) ; and a clause in the mortgage deed that the mortgagor shall, if required, be a party
to the conveyance, is considered a contract for the exclusive
benefit of the mortgagee, and not as imposing the necessity
of procuring the mortgagor's consent to the sale (c).

63. Whether the cestuis que trust should be parties.-If the
trustees have a power of signing discharges for the purchasemoney, the cestuis que trust need not be made parties to the
conveyance (d) ; but as trustees are bound to covenant against
their own incumbrances only, the cestuis que trust, where it is
practicable, are usually made parties to the deed, that the
purchaser may have the benefit of their covenants for title
according to the extent of their respective interests (e).
In
sales, however, under the direction of the Court of Chancery,
it is the rule not to make the cestuis que trust parties ; for
this would involve the necessity of previously inquiring who
are beneficially interested, and in what proportions, whereas
it is a common proceeding of the Court to order a sale in the
first instance, and leave the rights of the respective parties
to be settled by a subsequent adjudication (f).

64. Trustees for sale having, under the recent enactments,
power to give a complete discharge for the purchasemoney, are
persons " absolutely entitled " within the meaning of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, s. 69, and are
entitled to have money in Court, under that Act, paid out
to them without bringing their cestuis que trust before the
Court (g) .
And it makes no difference that the trust for
(b) Corder v . Morgan, 18 Ves. 344;
Clay v. Sharpe, cited Id. 346, note (b);
Alexander v. Crosbie, 6 Ir. Eq. Rep.518.

(c) Corder v . Morgan, 18 Ves . 347,
per Sir W. Grant.

(d) See Binks v. Lord Rokeby, 2
Mad. 227 .

(e) See Re London Bridge Acts,
13 Sim . 176.

(f) Wakeman v. Duchess of Rutland, 3 Ves . 233, 504; affirmed in D.
P. 8 B. P. C. 145; Colston v. Lilley, 3
May, 1855, V. C. Stuart at chambers;
Wyman v. Carter, 12 L. R. Eq. 309 ;
Re Williams's Estate, 5 De G. & Sm.
515; Cottrell v. Cottrell, 2 L. R. Eq.
330; and see Loyd v. Griffith, 3 Atk.
264; Freeland v. Pearson, 7 L. R. Eq.
246.

[(g) Re Hobson's Trusts, 7 Ch. D.
708; Re Thomas's Settlement, W. N.
1882, p . 7. ]