*606
CONSTRUCTION OF POWERS.
[CH . XXIII . S. 2.
ship to the trustees until there were owners competent to
deal with the whole estate (a) .
9. Power " during the continuance of the trust."- But if a
power be given to trustees to be exercised "during the continuance of the trust," it cannot be exercised after the time
when the trust ought to have been completed, though, from
the delay of the trustees it happens that the trust has not in
fact been executed (b) .
10. Powers cease when settlement
is at an end. - And
though the power be not confined expressly to the continuance of the trust, yet the power is gone when the
objects of the trust have been fully exhausted, but not.
before (c) .
[But the mere fact of the beneficial interest in the property having become vested in persons, all of whom are sui
juris, will not put an end to the power, if, on the construction of the instrument creating the power, the intention
appears that it should still be exercisable, and the power in
its creation was not obnoxious to the rule against perpetuities (d) .
Within what time power must be exercised. - If a power
of sale be given in general terms, the question arises, within
what limit of time it must be exercised.
This will depend
on the nature of the limitations contained in the will or settlement ; for when, by reason of the expiration or cesser of
the limitations, the absolute interests come into existence,
the power is considered to be at an end. And as, for the
settlement to be valid, the limitations must become
[*606] absolute within the period allowed by the rule * against
perpetuities, a power which is to continue in existence until the interests are absolute will also be valid.
If
the settlement contains in the first instance absolute limitations of interest, a power of sale given for the purpose of
(a) Trower v. Knightley, 6 Mad.
134; and see Taite v. Swinstead, 26
Beav. 525 .
(b) Wood v. White, 2 Keen, 664.
It was determined on appeal that the
trusts in this case were still in being,
4M. & Cr. 460.
(c) Wolley v. Jenkins, 23 Beav.
53; Mortlock v. Buller, 10 Ves. 315;
Wheate v. Hall, 17 Ves. 86 ; Lantsbery v. Collier, 2 K. & J. 709.
[(d) Re Cotton's Trustees and the
School Board for London, 19 Ch. D.
624.]