CH. XVIII. S. 2.]
*450

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .

70.
Effect of administration suit. - The effect of an administration suit upon a trust for sale is that the trustees do not
lose their powers, but must exercise them under the direction
of the Court, and if they have a legal power of sale they can
execute it with the sanction of the Court for the purpose of
passing the legal estate.
But the power, though exercised
under the eye of the Court, must of course be pursued as
strictly as if there were no suit, and though the trustees
may be able to pass the legal estate, yet in equity no good
title will be conferred as against a cestui que trust who was
not a party to the suit, or otherwise bound by the exercise
of the power.
Trustees for sale, with a power of signing
receipts, can, if there be no suit, convey the estate, and sign
a valid discharge for the purchase-money, but if the Court
and not the trustees sell the estate, the purchaser would not
acquire a good title as against any cestui que trust who was
not a party to the suit or not bound by the order.
These
observations must not be taken to interfere with the legal
power of an executor, even after decree, to deal with the
general personal assets of the testator (e) .
[71. If in an administration action, or an action for the
execution of the trusts of a written instrument, a sale
is ordered of any * property vested in any executor, [*450]
administrator or trustee, the conduct of the sale is to
be given to such executor, administrator or trustee, unless
the Court otherwise directs (a) .]

SECTION II.
THE POWER OF TRUSTEES TO SIGN DISCHARGES FOR THE PURCHASEMONEY.

1. The power of trustees to sign discharges for the purchase-money resolves itself into two questions :- First: Are the

(e) Berry v. Gibbons, 8 L. R. Ch .
App. 747.
tenant for life, was plaintiff, and the
others were defendants, the conduct
of the sale was given to the three
defendant trustees, Re Gardner, 48
L. J. N. S. Ch. 644.

[(a) Rules of The Supreme Court
Ord. 50, R. 10.
Where there were
four trustees, and one, who was also
an executor, signed the receipt for
the purchase-money, it was held that
he had no power to do so, Bowes v.
611]