*471
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.
joint office, the receipt must be signed by all the trustees who
have undertaken to act.
And where a power is given to
trustees to discharge the purchaser from seeing to the application of his purchase-money, the receipt must be signed
even by a trustee who has parted with the estate by a conveyance to his co-trustees ; for the transfer of the estate at
law carries not along with it the confidence in equity (c).
But the receipt need not be signed by a trustee who has disclaimed, for by the effect of disclaimer the acting trustees
are put exactly in the same plight as if the renouncing trustee had never been mentioned (d) .
19. Power to sign receipts in one, and delegation to another.
-As a trust cannot be delegated, it follows that if A. and
B. be trustees for payment of debts, and they convey the
estate to C. upon the like trusts, the purchaser could not
safely pay his purchase-money upon the receipt of C.
In
Hardwick v. Mynd (e) the executors and trustees renounced
probate, and (probably with the intention of disclaiming)
conveyed the estate to C., the heir-at-law ; and certain mortgages made by C. were upheld.
It might have been argued
that as the trustees, by disclaiming, vested the estate in the
heir, he was properly the trustee to sell or mortgage.
It
would be difficult, however, to maintain that the heir under
such circumstances could sign a receipt, and certainly the
Court did not put it upon that ground, but said that the
mortgages if made by the trustees would have been good,
and that they were in fact made by them, as they had
deputed C. to act for them in the trust.
Such a doctrine,
however, at the present day could not be sustained.
20. Power of signing receipts, as regards trustees appointed
by the Court.-As a general rule, where a special discretionary or arbitrary power was given to trustees, and the settlement contained no proviso for the appointment of new
trustees with similar powers, it was not competent for the
Court, [prior to the recent Acts,] on the substitution of new
trustees, to give such a power (c) Crewe v. Dicken, 4 Ves . 97.
(d) Adams v. Taunton, 5 Mad.
435; Hawkins v. Kemp, 3 East, 410;
Smith v Wheeler, 1 Vent. 128.
(e) 1 Anst. 109; and see Lord
Braybroke v. Inskip, 8 Ves. 432.