*37
[CH. III. S. 2.
FEME SOLE .
or other interest of or in any corporation, company, public
body or society, without her husband as if she were a feme
sole ; and this seems to apply to trusts in existence at the
time the Act was passed.
8. Where the feme has been married or the trust has been
undertaken by her since the commencement of the Married
Women's Property Act, 1882 (1 January, 1883), she can execute the trust without the concurrence of her husband, and
as if she were a feme sole (b) .
Where therefore she is a
trustee for sale she can exercise the discretion, pass the estate, and sign a good receipt for the purchase-money.]
9. Feme sole.- It is almost equally undesirable to appoint
a feme who is single a trustee, for should she marry, [she
would be liable to be influenced by her husband who, so long
as he abstained from active interference, would be under no
liability to make good any breaches of trust committed
by her during the coverture.)
The Court at * one
time refused to appoint afeme sole a trustee, as, in the
event of her marriage [it might lead to inconvenience as the
husband would have the power of interfering] (a).
But in
a more recent case the M. R., after consulting with the other
judges, appointed a feme sole a trustee (b), and the Lords
Justices have since made a similar order (c) .
[(6) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75, ss. 1, 2, 5,
24.
See Kingsman v. Kingsman, 6
Q. B. D. 122, 128.
It is open to argument whether the 2d and 5th
sections of the act apply to trust property, more particularly as the 18th
section enables a married woman who
is an
executrix, administratrix, or
trustee, to sue and be sued, and to
transfer the trust property in certain
special cases without her husband, as
if she were a feme sole, and this section
is
to some
extent redundant
if the 2d and 5th sections apply to
trust property.
It is, however, clear
from the 1st and 24th sections that a
married woman may accept a trust,
or the office of executrix or administratrix, as if she were a feme sole ; and
that herhusband is exempted from all
liabilities in respect of her breaches
of trust, so long as he does not act or
intermeddle in the trust; and it would
be a highly inconvenient construction
of the act to hold that a married
woman is not empowered to acquire,
hold, and dispose of the trust property
generally without the concurrence of
her husband.
And inasmuch as the
language of sections 2 and 5 is wide
enough to include trust property, it
is conceived that any inference to be
drawn from section 18 is not sufficient
to restrict the operation of sections 2
and 5 to property belonging to married women beneficially.
So now decided.
Re Docwra, 29 Ch. D. 693.]
(a) Brook v. Brook, 1 Beav. 531.
(b) Re Campbell's Trusts, 31 Beav.
176.
(c) In re Berkley, 9 L. R. Ch . App .
720.
44