*349
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH . XIV. S. 6.
time (i). ]
Should the person afterwards reappear in fact,
he may assert his right (j) ;
and accordingly, where the
Court pays out money on presumption of death, it requires
the recipient to give security to refund it if necessary (k) .
It is evident therefore that a trustee in pais—that is, out of
Court
cannot safely pay at the expiration of the
[*349]
seven years, but must accumulate the fund until
he is satisfied of the actual death, or a sufficient indemnity is offered, or the sanction of the Court has been obtained (a) .
*
15.
Mistake. - If
an executor
or trustee
has made a
wrong payment, and is afterwards obliged to pay over
again to the person rightfully entitled, he is not chargeable
with interest, provided the erroneous payment was a bonâ
fide mistake (b), and of course a wrongful payment of interest will not create in the payee a right to the principal,
for no wrong can create a right (c) .
The trustee of a creditor's deed made a mistake in payment arising out of a misapprehension of the law, which at that time was not clear, and
the Court held that as he had acted bonâ fide and was not a
mere trustee, but filled a quasi judicial position, he could not
be made accountable to the
creditors, who were left to
recover the amount from the person wrongfully paid (d) .
[16. Income tax. - If an executor or trustee pay the
income of a trust fund to the cestui que trust for several
years without deducting the income tax, he will not be
allowed afterwards to deduct the amount of such income tax
on the past payments from future accretions of income (e) .]
17. Claim by another. - As a trustee cannot be expected
to part with the fund unless the right of the cestui que trust
be undisputed, if a third person claim improperly, or refuse
[(i) Re Phene's Trusts, 5 L. R. Ch .
App. 139; Re Lewes' Trusts , 6 L. R.
Ch . App. 356; Re Corbishley's Trusts,
14 Ch. D. 846.]
(j) Woodhouslee v. Dalrymple, 9
W. R. 475, 564; and see Monckton v.
Braddell, 7 I. R. Eq. 30 ; 61. R. Eq. 352.
(k) Dowley v. Winfield, 14 Sim .
277; Cuthbert v. Purrier, 2 Ph. 199 ;
and see Davies v. Otty, 35 Beav. 208.
(a) See Re Phene's Trusts, 5 L. R.
Ch . App. 139 ; Hickman v . Upsall, 20
L. R. Eq. 136 .
(b) Saltmarsh v. Barrett (No. 2) ,
31 Beav. 349.
(c) Remnant v. Hood, 2 De G. F.
& J. 404.
(d) Ex parte Ogle, 8 L. R. Ch.
App. 711.
[(e) Currie v. Goold, 2 Mad. 163.]