*352
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
26. Alterations in practice.- The Court, according
[*352] to the old practice, could not have * made a mere
declaratory order without consequential directions (a) ,
and could not have administered the trust in the presence of
some only of the parties interested, or as to a part only of the
trust estate, or as to the rights of persons entitled under a
will without taking preliminary accounts ; but [under the
present practice] the Court is authorised to make declaratory orders merely, as also to adjudicate on questions in the
presence of some only of the persons interested, and as to
part only of the trust estate, and without ascertaining the
particulars or accounts of the property touching which the
question has arisen (b) .
27. Special case.
The opinion of the Court may also be
obtained upon a special case [in the manner provided by]
Sir George Turner's Act, 13 & 14 Vict. c. 35 (c) ; but where
the parties are numerous, it is found in practice that much
time is consumed, and expense incurred, in settling the case
so as to meet the different views of the parties, and [it will
generally be found a shorter and simpler course to issue a
writ of summons, and then state the question in the form of
a special case under Order 34 of the Rules of the Supreme
Court, 1883.]
28. St. Leonards' Act.-By Lord St. Leonards Act, 22 &
23 Vict. c. 35, s. 30, any trustee, executor, or administrator
may, without suit by petition or by summons upon a written
statement at Chambers, apply to the Court of Chancery for
its opinion, advice, or direction upon any question respecting the management or administration of the trust property,
or assets of the testator or intestate.
By the Amendment
Act, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38, s. 9, the application is required to
(a) See Daniel v. Warren, 2 Y. &
С. С. С. 292 ; Shewell v . Shewell, 2
Hare, 154; Gaskell v. Holmes, 3 Hare,
438; Say v. Creed, 3 Hare, 455.
[ (b) See Rules of the Supreme
Court, 1883, Ord. 25, R. 5; Ord. 16,
R. 9, 11; Ord. 34, R. 2 ; Ord. 55, R.
3.
And see 15 & 16 Vict. c. 86, ss.
50 and 51, which have, however, been
repealed by 46 & 47 Vict. c. 49.]
[(c) This Act is repealed by 46 &
47 Vict. c. 49, but by Ord. 34, R. 8 ,
of the Rules of the Supreme Court,
1883, any special case may be stated
for the same purposes, and in the
same manner, as provided by the
Act.]