CH. XXIII . S. 2.

*613

SURVIVORSHIP OF POWERS .

to exist between cases where the language of the trust is
indefinite as to the persons by whom it is to be exercised
(for example, where an estate is vested in trustees and their
heirs in trust to sell, &c .) , and those cases where the estate
is limited to persons by name, as upon trust that " the said
A. and B.," or that " the said trustees " (which is equivalent
to naming them), shall sell ; but the Courts have never
relied upon any distinction of the kind, and it seems to be
now decided that even where the trust is reposed in the
trustees by name, the survivor, who takes the estate with a
duty annexed to it, can execute the trust (a) ; and the rule
of survivorship applies not only to trusts, or powers imperative which are construed as trusts, but also to such discretionary powers as are annexed to the office of trustee, and
are meant to form an integral part of it (b) .

3. Powers not annexed to the trust.-But powers which
are purely arbitrary, and independent of the trust, and not
intended in furtherance of the trust, must, it is conceived,
be construed strictly, and be governed by the rules applicable
to ordinary powers.
If, for instance, the trustees by name
have a power of revoking the limitations, and shifting the
property into a different channel, this discretion is evidently
meant to be personal, and not to be annexed to the estate or
office (c).

[4. Recent Act.-Now, as to executorships and trusts
constituted after or created by instruments coming into
operation after the 31st December, 1881 , a power or trust
given to or vested in two or more executors or trustees
jointly, may, in the absence of a contrary intention expressed in the instrument creating the power or trust, be
exercised or performed by the survivor or survivors
of them for the time *being (a).
But it is conceived [*613]
that this section does not apply to a purely arbitrary
and personal power given to trustees nominatim.]
(a) Lane v. Debenham, 11 Hare,
188; Hall v. May, 3 K. & J. 585 ;
[Re Cooke's Contract, 4 Ch. D. 454.]
(b) Warburton v. Sandys, 14 Sim .
622.
(c) See Lane v. Debenham, 11
Hare, 192.
[(a) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 38.]