*104
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
ing with the bankrupt's interest (a) ; [and a debtor's petition
under The Bankruptcy Act, 1883, will it is conceived have
the same effect.]
17. A person cannot settle his own property on himself,
with a limitation over in the event of his own bankruptcy(b) .
But a husband may on his marriage thus settle a fund of
his own to the extent of the wife's fortune received by him,
for this, though apparently a settlement by him, is in substance a settlement of the money advanced by the wife (c) ;
and, indeed, a person may on marriage, without regard to the
wife's fortune, limit his own property to himself for life or
until alienation, and then over in favour of the wife or children, for they are purchasers for value and there is no fraud
upon any one (d) .
18. Direction to purchase presentation for a particular person.-It is not unusual to find a clause in a will directory to
trustees to purchase a presentation in favour of some particular object ; but, it seems, if the purchase be made with the
intention of presenting the cestui que trust, though the patron
himself was ignorant of the purpose in view (e), it falls
within the enactment against simony (f) . A patron is forbidden to present for money, either directly or indirectly ;
and, the object being determined upon at the time of the
purchase, the construction put upon the transaction by the
Court is, that the patron presents indirectly by selling to a
person who purchases with the sole intention of presenting.
(a) Re Amherst's Trusts, 13 L. R.
Eq. 464.
(b) Higinbotham v. Holme, 19 Ves .
88; Ex parte Hill, 1 Cooke's Bank.
Law, 291 ; Ex parte Bennet, ib. 293 ;
In re Murphy, 1 Sch. & Lef. 44; In
re Meagham, ib. 179; Ex parte Hodgson, 19 Ves . 206 ; Re Casey's Trust,
3 Ir. Ch . Rep. 419, 4 Ir. Ch. Rep. 247;
Clarke v. Chambers , 8 Ir. Ch . Rep .
26; Murphy v. Abraham, 15 Ir. Ch.
Rep. 371.
(c) Ex parte Cooke, 8 Ves . 353 ;
Higginson v. Kelly, 1 B. & Β. 252;
Ex parte Verner, ib. 260 ; In re Meaghan, 1 Sch . and Lef. 179; Ex parte
Hodgson,19 Ves. 206 ; [Corr v. Corr,
3 L. R. Ir. 435, 438 ;
Re Callan's
Estate, 7 L. R. Ir. 102.] but see Ex
parte Hill, 1 Cooke's Bank. Law, 291,
and compare Ex parte Hodgson, 19
Ves. 208.
(d) Knight v . Browne, 7 Jur. N. S.
894 ; Brooke v. Pearson, 27 Beav.
181; and see Phipps v. Lord Ennismore, 4 Russ. 131; Synge v. Synge,
4 Ir. Ch. Rep. 337;
[Re
Callan's
Estate, 7 L. R. Ir. 102.]
(e) King v. Trussel, 1 Sid. 329.
(f) Kitchen v. Calvert, Lane, 102,
per Baron
Snig ;
Winchcombe
v.
Pulleston, Noy, 25, per Lord Hobart;
Godbolt, 390; and see Fearne's P. W.
404; but see Fox v. Bishop of Ches142