*233
[CH . XII. S. 2 .
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
appear to have been substantially these - " That a settlor
must have intended to provide a permanent machinery for
the execution of the trust ; that he could not have reposed
any personal confidence in the trustee's heir, who was
unknown, and could not be ascertained beforehand ; that
the settlor must have contemplated the possibility that on
the death of the trustee the heir might be an infant, or lunatic, or bankrupt, or insolvent, and so either incapable or unfit
to discharge the office; that it might therefore be reasonably
inferred that the settlor meant by confiding the trust to the
trustee, his heirs and assigns, to give the trustee a discretionary power of preventing these inconveniences by
[*233] vesting the estate in a devisee ; * and that the circumstance that the settlor had given to the surviving trustee a power of appointing new trustees by deed,
rather favoured the view that he also intended, when using
the word
' assigns,' to confer on the trustee a right to devise
the trust estate."
The Court was also actuated by the feeling that many titles must have been accepted upon the footing of this enlarged construction.
The decision was perhaps
a bold one, but having been made it is not likely to be disturbed.

[20. Sale by heir.-Where a testator devised freehold and
copyhold estates to trustees and their heirs upon trust that
they " his said trustees or the trustees or trustee for the
time being of that his will " should sell the estates, it was
held that the copyhold heir of the surviving trustee to
whom the estates had descended could execute the trust (a) .
21.44 & 45 Vict. c. 41. - Where under the 30th sect. of
the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, trust or
mortgage estates become vested in the personal representatives of a trustee or mortgagee, they are for the purposes
of the section to " be deemed in law his heirs and assigns
within the meaning of all trusts and powers."
The wording
of this section is not clear, but it is conceived that it enables
the personal representatives to execute the trusts and powers
which were originally reposed in the trustee, his heirs and
[(a) Re Morton and Hallett, 15 Ch. D. 143.]
320