*256
[Сн. ХІІІ.
DELEGATION OF THE TRUST .
attorney, but that they must not suffer it to pass through his
hands in the ordinary course of business, in the recovery of
a debt by action, was beyond any previous decision ; unless,
as suggested, it had been so ruled by Lord Eldon.
However, we have here the authority of Sir A. Hart, that the
plaintiffs' attorney in an action cannot virtute officii sign a
discharge, and that if the plaintiffs empower him to receive
the amount recovered, they are answerable for his receipts
as for the act of an agent improperly appointed to sign such
receipt.
8.
Trustee not to require security from his agent.
A trustee or executor is not called upon to take any security from
the agent ; for to do that upon every occasion would tend
greatly to the hindrance of business (b) .
[If a trustee employs an agent under circumstances which
justify the employment, and a loss arises from the insolvency of the agent, the onus is on the persons seeking to
make the trustee liable for the loss, to show that it was attributable to the default of the trustee (c) .]
9. How trust money to be
transmitted.
Where
trust
money is to be transmitted to a distance, the trustee may do
it most conveniently and securely through the medium of a
responsible bank, or he may take bills drawn by a person of
undoubted credit, and payable at the place whither the
money is to be sent (d) .
10. Payments into bank must be to the account of the trust.
-But the money must be paid in to the account of the trust
estate, and the bills must be taken in favour of the trustee in
that character, and if he neglect these precautions, then, if
the bank break, or the bills be dishonoured, the trustee will
be liable for the loss to the cestuis que trust (e) .
11. Rule at law as to liability of executors.- The rule formerly applied to executors in a Court of law seems to have
been somewhat different from that established in Courts of
(b) Ex parte Belchier, Amb. 220,
per Lord Hardwicke.
[(c) Re Brier, 26 Ch . D. 238.]
(d) Knight v. E. of Plymouth, 1
Dick . 120; S. C. 3 Atk. 480 ; recognized Ex parte Belchier, Amb. 219,
and Routh v. Howell, 3 Ves . 566; Joy
v. Campbell, 1 Sch. & Lef. 341 ; and
see Wren v . Kirton, 11 Ves . 380, 385.
(e) See Wren v. Kirton, 11 Ves.
380, 381 ; Massey v. Banner, 1 J. &
W. 247.