CH . XVIII . S. 1.
*438

TRUSTEES FOR SALE .

the present period of such commencement ;
nevertheless
earlier title than forty years may be required in cases similar to those in which earlier title than sixty years may now
be required."

And the second section (as to any contract made after 31st
December, 1874, and subject to any stipulation to the contrary), enacts :
(1). That " under a contract to grant or assign a term of
years, whether derived or to be derived out of a freehold or
leasehold estate, the intended lessee or assign shall not be
entitled to call for the title to the freehold."
(2). That recitals, statements and descriptions of facts,
matters, and parties in instruments twenty years old " shall,
unless and except so far as they shall be proved to be inaccurate, be taken to be sufficient evidence of the truths of such
facts, matters and descriptions."
(3). That " the inability of the vendor to furnish the purchaser with a legal covenant " for production of documents
shall not be an objection to the title, if " the purchaser will,
on completion of the contract, have an equitable right to the
production."
(4). That " such covenants for production as the purchaser can and shall require, shall be furnished at his expense, and the vendor shall bear the expense of perusal and
execution on behalf of and by himself, and on behalf of and
by necessary parties other than the purchaser."
(5). That " where the vendor retains any part of an estate
to which any documents of title relate, he shall be entitled
to retain such documents ."

By the third section, it is enacted that " trustees who are
either vendors or purchasers may sell or buy without excluding the operation of the second section."

This express reference to the second section, suggests a
doubt whether by implication trustees were meant to be
excluded from the benefit of the first section.

It is conceived, however, that no such distinction was intended, and
that trustees who buy or sell may take advantage of the
general enactment contained in the first section .

[46. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.- The 3d section of the Con
597