*316
[CH. XIV. S. 4
INVESTMENT.

trust, had advanced it to his brother, John Phillips, a banker,
without taking any other precaution than accepting a simple
acknowledgment of the loan. John Phillips continued to
pay interest upon the money for some time but eventually
became insolvent, and the fund was lost.
The Court, under
these circumstances, called upon the trustee to make good
the amount.
The decision was reversed in the House of
Lords, probably on the ground of the plaintiff's acquiescence (c).
Late Acts.- By 23 & 24 Vict, c. 38, s. 11, and the general
order before referred to, trustees having power to invest in
Government or Parliamentary Securities are now expressly
authorised to invest not only in Consols, but also in Three
per Cent. Reduced Bank Annuities and New Three per Cent.
Bank Annuities.

18. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145.-By a later Act of the same session (d), trustees under an instrument dated since 28th
August, 1860, and having money in their hands which it was
their duty to invest at interest, might invest the same in any
of the Parliamentary stocks or public funds, or in Government securities, with power of variation, but no investment
except in Consols was to be made without [such consent as
therein mentioned.
But this section was rarely acted upon,
and has since been repealed (e) .

19. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 132, s. 2.-By another Act (f)
[*316] it is enacted, that "it shall be lawful for any trustee,
executor, or administrator to invest any trust fund in
his possession or under his control in any securities, the interest of which is or shall be guaranteed by Parliament."

20. Metropolitan
Board
of
Works
stock.
By another
Act (a) a trustee, executor, or other person empowered to
invest money in public stocks or funds, or other Government
securities, may, unless forbidden by the will or other instrument under which he acts, whether prior in date to the Act
or not, invest the same in consolidated stock created by the
Metropolitan Board of Works.

375. (c) Allen v . Hancorn, 7 B. Р. С.
(d) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145, s. 25 .
[(e) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 71.]
(f) 30 & 31 Vict. c. 182, s. 2.
(a) 34 & 35 Vict. c. 47, s. 13.
438