CH. XIV. S. 4.

INVESTMENT.

on mortgage, and the trustees intending to invest on
government * securities, afterwards, at the instance [* 313]
of the tenantfor life, and to procure a higher rate of
interest, invested on mortgages which proved deficient, they
were held to be liable for the difference to the cestui que
trust in remainder.
The ground of the decision, however,
was, that the trustees had consulted the benefit of the tenant
for life at the expense of the remainderman, and the Court
gave no opinion upon the dry question, whether trustees
without a power could safely invest on mortgage, but did
not encourage the idea that they could (a).
Trustees, until
the recent Acts, were certainly not justified in lending upon
mortgage, when by the terms of their instrument of trust
they were expressly directed to invest in the funds (b) .
Late Acts.- Scotland.- Now by 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 32
(c), "when a trustee, executor, or administrator, shall not by
some instrument creating his trust be expressly forbidden to
invest any trust fund on real securities in any part of the
United Kingdom," he is at liberty to make such investment,
provided it be in other respects reasonable and proper. Under
this enactment, therefore, trustees may now lend on real
security in England or Wales, or Ireland, but not in the Isle
of Man, and as the Act by the last section is not to extend
to Scotland, and as the Scotch real property law is quite
different from the English, trustees could not be advised to
lend money on real security in Scotland (d) .
Mortmain.- Also by 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38, s. 11, and the
general order before mentioned, trustees having power to
invest on Government or Parliamentary securities may now
invest on real securities in England or Wales, and such
investments may be made by corporations and
trustees
holding moneys in trust for any public or charitable purpose notwithstanding the statutes of mortmain (e) .
Franklyn, 1 De G. & Sm. 531 ; Barry
v. Marriott, 2 De G. & Sm. 491 ; Ex
parte Johnson, 1 Moll. 128; Ex parte
Ridgway, 1 Hog. 309.
(a) Raby v. Ridehalgh, 7 De G.
M. & G. 104.
(b) Pride v. Fooks, 2 Beav. 430 ;
Waring v. Waring, 3 Ir. Ch. Rep.
331.
(c) Made retrospective by 23 & 24
Vict. c. 38, s. 12 .
(d) See Re Miles's Will, 5 Jur. N.
S. 1236.
(e) 33 & 34 Vict. c. 34.
435