CH. XXIII. S. 2.

CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS .

*619

of the Court of Chancery (c), or by a summons upon a written statement to any such judge at chambers for the opinion
or direction of such judge respecting the management or
administration of the trust property.

19. Amendment Act.-By the Amendment Act, 23 & 24
Vict. c. 38, s. 9, the petition or statement is required to be
signed by counsel, and the judge may require the attendance
of counsel either in chambers or in court (d) .

20. Affidavits not allowed.- In proceedings under this
enactment there is no investigation of the facts, but the correctness of the petition or statement is assumed, and if there
be any suggestio falsi or suppressio veri the order of the Court
pro tanto is no indemnity to the trustee.
No affidavits,
therefore, ought to be filed, and the costs of them would be
disallowed (e) .

21. Jurisdiction .
The Court has jurisdiction in England,
though one of the trustees be resident in Ireland (f) .

22. Parties to be served. - What parties are to be
served is in the discretion of the * judge, and V. C. [*619]
Wood was of opinion that the proper course was not
to serve the petition on any one in the first instance, but to
apply at chambers for a direction as to the persons to be
served (a) , and V. C. Malins thought the question of service
ought to be dealt with at the hearing of the petition (b) .
But V. C. Kindersley said he would never allow a petition
under the Act to be brought on for the purpose of ascertaining who were to be served; and that the petitioners must
serve such persons as they thought proper, and state in the
note at the end whom they had served, and that the V. C.
[(c) These applications shouldnow
be made to the Chancery Division of
the High Court of Justice ; see 36 &
37 Vict. c. 66, s . 34.]
(d) See observations of V. C. Stuart in Re Dennis, 5 Jur. N. S. 1388,
whichmay have led to this additional
enactment.
For the practice under
the Act, see [Rules of the Supreme
Court, 1883, Order 52, R. 19-22, Order 65, R. 26.
Notwithstanding the
Judicature Act, 1873, and Order 19,
R. 4, of the Rules of the Supreme
Court, 1883, signature of counsel is
still necessary, Re Boulton's Trusts,
51 L. J. N. S. Ch . 493.]
(e) Re Muggeridge's Trust, Johns .
625; Re Mockett's Will, Ib. 628; Re
Barrington's Settlement, 1 J. & H.
142.
(f) Re French's Trusts, 15 L. R.
Eq. 68 .
(a) Re Muggeridge's Trust, Johns .
625.
(b) Re Cook's Trust, W. N. 1873.
p.49.