*320
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.

pany, and an investment in debenture stock may now be
made accordingly.
[31. Local Loans Act.-By " The Local Loans Act, 1875,"
38 & 39 Vict. c. 83, s. 27, trustees or other persons for the
time being authorised or directed to invest in the debentures
or debenture stock of any railway or other company, unless
the contrary is expressed in the instrument, are empowered
to invest in any nominal debentures or nominal debenture
stock issued under the Act.
And a similar power is frequently given by Local Acts to invest in corporation and
county stocks issued thereunder, but a proviso is sometimes
added to prevent the investment in redeemable stock from
being made at a price exceeding its redemption value.]
32.
Terminable securities.- And where a fund is settled
upon trust for one for life with remainders over, a power
to " invest upon Government real or personal security, or
in such stocks, funds, or shares, as the trustees in their
absolute discretion may think fit," will not authorise a purchase of ordinary consolidated stock, or of preference or
guaranteed stock of a terminable character (a).
33.
Direction to retain investments. If a testator direct
his " personal estate invested in Government or other securities in bonds or shares of whatever nature or kind, to be held
in the same or the like investments," the executors are justified in retaining in specie Victoria bonds, Brazilian and
Russian bonds, and English and Indian Railway stock, and
East India stock (b).
If shares in a banking company are
given to trustees " upon trust to permit them to remain in
their then state of investment," but the Company is reconstituted, and the shares which were originally fully paid up
with unlimited liability are converted into shares of limited
liability but with a margin of uncalled capital, the authority
to retain the shares is exhausted, as they have ceased to be
in the same estate of investment.1
34.
Shares which must stand in one name only.- If a trust
fund be given to three trustees, with power to sell out and
(a) Stewart v. Sanderson, 10 L.R. Eq. 26.
(b) Arnould v. Grinstead, W.N. 1872, p. 216; 21 W.R. 155.
1Re Morris, 54 L.J.N.S. Ch. 388.