CH . XXIII. S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*590
cised by trustees without the authority of the Court, nor can
the Court itself make such an order in a summary way without the institution of a suit (d) .

[39. Where consent of bankrupt tenant for life required. —
Where there is a power of advancement with the consent
of the tenant for life, and the tenant for life becomes a
bankrupt, his power of consenting is not extinguished, but
can only be exercised with the consent of his trustee in
bankruptcy acting under the directions of the Court of Bankruptcy (e) .]

40. General power of advancing tenant for life.
Where
trustees had a power to apply a moiety of a trust fund in or
towards the preferment or advancement of the tenant for
life, or otherwise for his benefit, in such a manner as they
should in discretion think fit, it was held that they might
apply the moiety in payment of the debts of the tenant for
life, the interest of which absorbed nearly the whole of his
income and the principal of which he was unable to pay out
of his own resources (f) .

[So a power of applying the capital for the benefit and advancement in the world of the tenant for life, coupled with words showing that the
power * of advancement was a large one, has been [*590]
held to justify applications of the trust funds for the
benefit of the tenant for life which were not strictly advancements (a) .]

41. Debts barred by the Statute of Limitations.
An executor has never been held responsible for paying a debt due
and owing from the testator's estate, the remedy for which
has been barred by the Statute of Limitations ; and upon the
same principle he may retain his own debt though barred (b) .
But an executor would not be at liberty to pay such a debt
after a decree for the administration of the testator's estate,
for from that time any other creditor, or even a legatee, specific, pecuniary, or residuary, may plead the statute in taking

(d) Re Breeds' Will, 1 Ch. D. 226.
[(e) Re Cooper, 27 Ch. D. 565.]
[(f) Lowther v. Bentinck, 19 L.R. Eq. 166 ; and see Re Breeds' Will,
1 Ch. D. 226 ; Re Gore's Settlement Trusts, W.N. 1876, p. 79.]
[(a) Re Brittlebank, 30 W.R. 99. ]
(b) Stahlschmidt v. Lett, 1 Sm. & G. 415; Hill v. Walker, 4 K. & J.
166 ; Hunter v. Baxter, 3 Giff. 214 ; Dring v. Greetham, 1 Eq. Rep. 442;
Louis v. Rumney, 4 L.R. Eq. 451.