CH. XIV. S. 6.]
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
*353
be signed by counsel (d), and the Judge, where necessary,
may require the attendance of counsel (e).
29. Authority from the cestui que trust to receive the money.
- When the trustee is satisfied as to the parties rightfully
entitled, he may pay the money either to the parties themselves, or to an agent empowered by them to receive it ; and
the authority need not be by power of attorney, or by deed,
or even in writing.
The trustee is safe if he can
prove the authority, however * communicated.
But [*353]
a trustee would not be acting prudently if he parted
with the fund to an agent without some document producible at any moment by which he could establish the fact of
the agency.
30. Genuineness of the authority.- The trustee must look
well to the genuineness of the authority, for if he pay to
a wrong party it will be at his own peril.
Thus, where A.,
possessed of 1000l. Million Bank stock, employed B., a
broker, to receive the dividends for her, and B. forged
a letter of attorney authorising him to sell the stock, and
a sale was effected accordingly, it was decreed by Lord
Northington that the company must bear the loss : for " a
trustee," he said, " whether a private person or body corporate, must see to the reality of the authority empowering
him to dispose of the trust money ; and if the transfer be
made without the authority of the owner, the act is a nullity, and in consideration of law and equity the rights
remain as before " (a) .
31. Forged mortgage.-Where a trustee handed overmoney
to his solicitor for investment, and subsequently took] a supposed mortgage, but which, in fact, had been forged by the
trustee's own solicitor, and the trustee did not take all the
precautions that he might have done (viz., by calling for
a receipt under the hands of the mortgagor for the money),
[(d) Notwithstanding the Judicature Act, 1873, and Ord . 19, R. 4, of
the Rules of the Supreme Court, 1883,
signature by counsel is still necessary .
Re Boulton's Trusts , 51 L. J. N. S.
Ch. 493.]
(e) See post, chap. xxiii. s. 2, div.4.
(a) Ashby v. Blackwell, 2 Eden,
299 ; Sloman v. Bank of England, 14
Sim. 475; Eaves v. Hickson, 30 Beav.
136; Sutton v . Wilders, 12 L. R. Eq .
373 ; and see Harrison v. Pryse, Barn .
324; Ex parte Joliffe, 8 Beav. 168.
487