CH. XXIII . S. 2. ]
*603

CONSTRUCTION OF POWERS .
the power as subsisting, and referred it to the Master to
inquire what timber was fit to be cut.
The Court, therefore,
did not regard the authority to the trustees as a mere power,
but as a trust .

3. Power to
" Trustee and his assigns." - Where a discretionary legal power is expressly limited to " A. and his
assigns," the grantee or devisee of A., and even a claimant
under him by operation of law as an heir or executor, may
exercise the power (a) ; but in a trust, if an estate be vested
in a trustee upon trust that he, his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns shall sell, etc., the introduction of the word
assigns will not authorise the trustee to assign the estate to a
stranger (b) , nor, if the assignment be made, will the stranger
be capable of exercising the power (c).

4. Power given to a mortgagee. - In a mortgage, with a
power of sale limited to the mortgagee, his heirs, executors,
administrators, and assigns, the intention is that the power
should go along with, and be annexed to, the security ; and
therefore, if the mortgage be assigned to a stranger, and the
legal estate be conveyed to the stranger or to a trustee for
him, the stranger, alone or with the concurrence of the
trustee, can give a good legal and equitable title (d) ; and
even if a mortgage be made to A. and B. to secure a joint
advance, and the power of sale and signing receipts be
limited to A. and B., their heirs and assigns, it has been held
that as the power and security were plainly meant to be
coupled together, and the security enures to the benefit of
the survivor (the advance being a joint one), the survivor
may also sell (e).

5. Power indicating personal confidence to "A. and his executors."- If a power indicating personal confidence be given to
a " trustee and his executors," and the executor of the trustee dies having appointed an executor, the latter executor,
though by law the executor not only of his immediate testator (a) How v . Whitfield, 1 Vent. 338,
339; 1 Freem. 476.
(b) The
case
of
Hardwick υ.
Mynd, 1 Anst. 109, cannot in this
respect be supported.
(c) See p. 608.
(d) Soloway v. Strawbridge, 1 K.
& J. 371 ; 7 De G. M. & G. 594.
(e) Hind v. Poole, 1 K. & S. 383.