CH. XXIII . S. 1.]
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*588

36. Advancement out of capital.-A part of the capital
may be sunk by a trustee without the direction of the Court
for the advancement of a child, where the same sums if expended for maintenance would not have been allowed (6) .

37.
Advancement when there is a limitation over. -But a
trustee cannot apply part of the principal towards the advancement of the child where the legacy is subject to a limitation over in favour of a stranger, for in such a case the
Court itself could not make an order to that effect .
Thus in Lee v . Brown (c) , where a testatrix gave 100l. to
trustees upon trust to apply the produce to the maintenance
and education of A. B., and when he should attain twentyone to transfer to him the capital, but in case he died under

[(a) Re Bruce, 30 W. R. 922 ; and
see Re Tanner, 53 L. J. N. S. Ch .
1108; 51 L. T. N. S. 507, as to adopting a similar course for securing the
other persons interested where an advance is required for an infant whose
interest is only contingent.]

(b) Swinnock v . Crisp, Freem . 78 ;
Walker v. Wetherell, 6 Ves. 477 ; and
see Ex parte M'Key, 1 B. & Β. 405.
As to what purposes will fall under
the description of advancement, see
Boyd v . Boyd, 4 L. R. Eq. 305; RoperCurzon v. Roper-Curzon, 11 L. R. Eq.
452; Re Gore's Settlement Trusts, W.
N. 1876, p. 79 ; Taylor v. Taylor, 20
L. R. Eq. 155.
In the last case an
advancement by way of portion was
said to be something
given by a
parent to establish his child in life,
a provision for him, and not a casual
payment.
Under portions would be
ranked the following, viz. sums advanced on marriage, on setting up a
child in business or putting him into
a profession , buying the goodwill of a
business and giving stock-in-trade, or
supplying further capital for carrying
on thebusiness, or paying the entrance
fee to an Inn of Court with a view to
the Bar, or buying a commission and
providing the outfit.
So a large sum
given to a child in one payment might
be presumed in the absence of evidence to be an advancement by way
of portion.
But the qualities of a
portionwould not attach to small sums
paid by a father to a child whether
an infant or adult, or to temporary
assistance in the discharge of his debts,
or to payment of his travelling expenses, as a passage to India, or to
the payment of a fee to a special
pleader, which would come
rather
under preliminary education than advancement.
But in the case of Re
Blockley, 29 Ch . D. 250, Pearson, J.,
dissented from the view that a sum
givenby a father to his son to enable
him to pay his debts could not be
treated as an advancement.

(c) 4 Ves. 362.
795