*446
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE .
signee of a lease and had entered into no covenants (d) .
And if the executor has assented to the bequest unconditionally, he is held to have waived his claim to indemnity (e) .
Principle of practice.-It
is difficult to say upon what
principle this practice of the Court is based.
In some of the
older cases the judges seem to have thought that it was to
indemnify the executor.
But as the distribution of the assets
is made by the Court, and is not the act of the executor, it is
impossible to maintain that the executor can be personally
liable for the debt.
In other cases the fund is said to be set
apart out of regard to the interests of the lessor.
But if the
lessor can prove by way of claim in the suit, why, should the
Court protect one who will not protect himself; and if he
cannot prove in the suit (f), it seems anomalous that the
Court, while it refuses to hear the lessor on the subject of
his interest, should deal with the assets behind his
[*446] back in respect of such interest.
The * whole doctrine, said V. C. Kindersley, is in a very unsatisfactory state, and does not seem to be founded on sound principle (a) .
22 & 23 Vict. c. 35.-By Lord St. Leonards' Act (22 & 23
Vict. c. 35, s. 27), where an executor has satisfied all accrued
liabilities under a lease, and has set apart a fund to answer
covenants for expenditure of fixed sums on the property
(which would not include rents) and assigns the lease to a
purchaser, he may distribute the assets without being personally liable to the lessor, who however may still follow the
assets in the hands of the recipients .
Practice since the Act. -The practice of the Court for the
future has not yet been settled (6), but it is presumed that
(d) Garratt v. Lancefield, 2 Jur.
N. S. 177.
N. B.
It may be collected
from the judgment that the ordinary
covenant to indemnify had not been
entered into by the testator on the
occasion of the assignment to him.
(e) Shadbolt v. Woodfall, 2 Coll.
30; and see Smith v. Smith, 1 Dr. &
Sm. 384.
(f) See King v. Malcott, 9 Hare,
692; Re Haytor Granite Company, 1
L. R. Eq. 11 ; Smith v. Smith, 1 Dr.
& Sm. 387.
387 .
(a) Smith v. Smith, 1 Dr. & Sm .
(b) Smith v. Smith, 1 Dr. & Sm.
384.
In Reilly v. Reilly, 34 Beav.
406, the Court after a lapse of eight
years, and no claim having been
made, distributed the fund which had
been set apart for an indemnity.
606