*17

[Сн. І.
COURTS OF EQUITY.

mon-law courts (d), and spiritual courts (e), neither of which until the fusion of law and equity had any cognizance in matters of trust. A common-law * court could never, from the defective nature of its proceedings, have specifically enforced a trust ; but at one time it affected to punish a trustee in damages for breach of the implied contract (a) : an exercise of authority, however, clearly extraprovincial, and afterwards abandoned (b).

Had a Spiritual
court attempted to meddle with a trust, the Court
of Queen's Bench might have been moved to issue a prohibition (c) .

36 & 37 V. c. 66.- By 36 & 37 Vict., c. 66, and 37 & 38
Vict., c. 83, it was enacted that as from 1st November, 1875
(inclusive), there should be "One Supreme Court of Judicature" consisting of "Her Majesty's High Court of Justice"
and " Her Majesty's Court of Appeal," and the High Court
of Justice was made to comprise five divisions, viz.: the
Chancery Division, the Queen's Bench Division, the Common
Pleas Division, the Exchequer Division, and the Probate,
Divorce, and Admiralty Division [but by Order in Council
dated 16th December, 1880, under section 32 of the first(d) Sturt v. Mellish, 2 Atk. 612, per
Lord Hardwicke; Allen v. Imlett, F.
L. Holt's Rep. 641; Holland's case,
Styl. 41 , per Rolle, J.;
Queen v.
Trustees of Orton Vicarage, 14 Q. B.
139; Vanderstegen v. Witham, 6 M.
& W. 457; Bond v . Nurse, 10 Q. B.
244; Edwards v. Lowndes, 1 Ell. &Bl.
81; Drake v. Pywall, 4 Hurlst. & Colt.
78.

In The Queen v. Abrahams, 4
Q. B. 157, the Court professed to proceed upon the legal right so that the
principle was not disturbed, though
there may be a question how far the
facts justified the assumption upon
which the Court acted.
In Roper v .
Holland, 3 Ad. & Ell. 99, a cestui que
trust recovered upon an action of debt
for money had and received on proof
of the admission by the trustee that
hehad a balance inhand for the plaintiff; and see Sloper v. Cottrell, 2 Jur.
Ν. S. 1046 ; Topham v. Morecraft, 4
Jur. N. S. 611.

(e) Miller's case, 1 Freem . 283 ;
King v. Jenkins, 3 Dowl. & Ryl. 41 ;
Farrington v. Knightly, 1 P. W. 549,
per Lord Parker ; Edwards v. Graves,
Hob. 265; Witter v. Witter, 3 P. W.
102, per Lord King.

(a) Megod's case, Godb. 64; Jevon
v. Bush, 1 Vern. 344, per Lord Jeffries ;
Smith v . Jameson, 5 T. R. 603, per
Buller, J.; and see 1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 384,
D. (a) .

(b) Barnadiston v. Soame, 7 State
Trials, 443, Harg. ed. per Chief Justice North; Sturt v. Mellish, 2 Atk.
612, per Lord Hardwicke ; Holland's
case, Styl. 41, per Rolle, J.; Allen v.
Imlett, F. L. Holt's Rep . 14.

(c) Petit v. Smith, 1 P. W.7 ; Edwards v. Freeman, 2 P. W. 441, per
Sir J. Jekyll; Barker v. May, 4 M. &
R. 386 ; Ex parte Jenkins, 1 B. & C.
655.

18