*3
INTRODUCTION.
Trusts simple or special. - Simple trust defined. - Of trusts
there were two kinds : the simple trust, and the special trust.
The simple trust was defined in legal phraseology to be, " a
confidence, not issuing out of the land, but as a thing collat-
eral, annexed in privity to the estate of the land, and to the
person touching the land, scilicet, that cestui que use should
take the profit, and that the terre-tenant should execute an
estate as he should direct." (b)
In order rightly to under-
stand what was meant by this rather technical description,
we shall briefly consider the principles that were recognised
by Courts of Equity (for these had the exclusive jurisdic-
tion of trusts), First, with reference to the terre-tenant or
feoffee to uses, and Secondly, with reference to the beneficial
proprietor, or cestui que use .
Confidence in the person.
With respect to the feoffee to
uses, it was first held to be absolutely indispensable that
there should be confidence in the person, and privity of estate .
For want of the requisite of personal confidence it was ruled
that a corporation could not stand seised to a use ; for how,
it was said, could a corporation be capable of confidence
when it had not a soul?
Nor was it competent for the king
to sustain the character of trustee ; for it was thought incon-
sistent with his high prerogative that he should be made re-
sponsible to his own subject for the due administration of
the estate.
And originally the subpana lay against the trustee
himself only, and could not have been sued against either his
heir or assign ; for the confidence was declared to be per-
sonal, and not to accompany the devolution of the prop-
erty (c) .
But the doctrine of the Court in this respect was
subsequently put on a more liberal footing, and it came to
be held that both heir and assign should be liable to
[*3]
the execution of the use (d) .
An exception * however was still made in favour of a purchaser for valu-
able consideration not affected by notice (a) .
Privity of estate.- The meaning of privity of estate may
(b) Co. Lit. 272, b.
(c) 8 E. 4. 6; 22 E. 4. 6.
(d) The law as to the heir was
altered by Fortescue, Ch. J. Bac. Ab . Uses and Trusts B.
(a) Bac. Ab . Uses and Trusts B;
and see 14 H. 8. 4, 7, 8.