*279
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.

[CH. XIII.]

the survivor, at the value estimated at the last stocktaking,
and a partner dies having appointed three executors, one of
whom is a co-partner, and another afterwards becomes a copartner, and the testator's share is left in the business and
traded with, the two executors who are in the firm are not
answerable for profits, but only for the capital of the testator's share with interest.
The surviving partners are in
this case regarded as purchasers of the share of the deceased,
at the price expressed by the articles, and the two executors
are answerable on the footing only of having left outstanding a debt, which they ought in a reasonable time to have
[*279]
got in (g) .

* 9 . Agents, &c. - The foregoing principle that
trustees are not to profit by the trust applies to
agents (a), guardians (b), (who are trustees to the extent
of the property come to their hands (c)), directors of a company (d), secretary of a company (e), [promoters of a company (f), ] inspectors under creditor deeds (g),
the mayor of

(g) Vyse v. Foster, 8 L. R. Ch.
App. 309; affirmed, 7 L. R. H. L.
318.

The judgment of L. J. James
should be read, to see the principles
upon which the Court now acts. The
Court in this case viewed the claim
against the surviving parties, though
one of them was also executor, as a
debt only, and, as such, not giving
a right to an account of profits, and
the Court observed that, although
there had been hundreds, probably
thousands, of cases in which traders
had been executors, and in which, on
taking the accounts, balances, and
large balances, had been found due
from them, yet where there had been
no active breach of trust, in the getting
in or selling out trust assets, but there
had been a mere balance
on
the
account of receipts and payments,
the
omission to invest the balance
had never made the executor liable
to account for the profits of his own
trade.
Ib . p. 335.

(a) Morret v. Paske, 2 Atk. 54,
per Lord Hardwicke.

(b) Powell v. Glover, 3 P. W. 251,
note.

(c) Sleeman v. Wilson, 13 L. R.
Eq. 41, per Cur .

(d) Great Luxembourg Railway
Company v. Magnay, 25 Beav. 586 ;
Imperial Mercantile Credit Association v. Coleman, 6 L. R. Ch . App.
558 ; 6 L. R. H. L. 189 ; Parker v.
McKenna, 10 L. R. Ch. App. 96; In
re Imperial Land Company of Marseilles Ex parte Larking, 4 Ch . D.
566;
[Nant-y-glo and Blaina Ironworks Company v. Grave, 12 Ch. D.
738.]

(e) In re McKay's case, 2 Ch.
D. 1.

[(f) New
Sombrero
Phosphate
Company v. Erlanger, 5 Ch . D. 73 ;
Bagnall v . Carleton, 6 Ch . D. 371 ;
Emma
Silver Mining Company v.
Grant, 11 Ch . D. 918 ; Emma Silver
Mining Company v. Lewis, 4 C. P. D.
396.]

(g) Chaplin v. Young, (No. 2), 33
Beav. 414 .