*486
PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .
[CH. XVIII. S. 3.
A. has no duty to perform (i) ; or where a trustee sells to the
trustees of his own settlement and under which he has partial interest (j) .
2. Lord Rosslyn's doctrine.- Lord Rosslyn is reported to
have considered that to invalidate a purchase by a trustee it
was necessary to show that he had gained an actual advantage (k) ; but the doctrine (if any such was ever held by his
Lordship (1) has since been expressly and unequivocally
denied (m) .
The rule is now universal, that, however fair
the transaction, the cestui que trust is at liberty to set aside
the sale and take back the property (n).
If a trustee
[*486] were *permitted to buy in an honest case, he might
buy in a case having that appearance, but which, from
the infirmity of human testimony, might be grossly otherwise (a) .
Thus a trustee for the sale of an estate may, by the knowledge acquired by him in that character, have discovered
a valuable coal mine under it, and, locking that up in his
own breast, might enter into a contract for the purchase
by himself.
In such a case, if the trustee chose to deny it,
how could the Court establish the fact against the denial ?
The probability is that the trustee who had once conceived
such a purpose would never disclose it, and the cestui que
trust would be effectually defrauded (6) .
(i) Pooley v. Quilter,4 Drew. 189 ;
and see Denton v. Donner, 23 Beav.
289, 290.
3. Trustee may not buy as agent.
As a trustee cannot
buy on his own account it follows that he cannot be permitted to buy as agent for a third person : the Court can
393, per Lord Eldon ; Randall v. Errington, 10 Ves. 423, see 428 ; Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves. 678, see 680 ;
Ex parte James, 8 Ves. 347, 348, per
Lord Eldon; Lister v . Lister, 6 Ves .
631; Gibson v. Jeyes, 6 Ves . 277, per
Lord Eldon; see Kilbee v. Sneyd, 2
Moll . 186.
190.(j) Hickley v. Hickley, 2 Ch. D.
(k) See Whichcote v. Lawrence, 3
Ves . 750 .
(1) See Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves . 626 ;
Lister v . Lister, Id. 632.
(m) Exparte Bennett, 10Ves . 385;
Exparte Lacey, 6 Ves . 627 ; AttorneyGeneral v. Lord Dudley, G. Coop . 148 ;
Ex parte James, 8 Ves . 348 ; Mulvany
v. Dillon , 1 B. & B. 409, see 418.
(n) Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves . 625, see
627; Owen v . Foulkes, cited,Id. 630,
note (b) ; Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves .
(a) Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves. 385,
per Lord Eldon.
(b) Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves. 627, per
LordEldon ; and see Exparte Bennett,
10 Ves . 385, 394, 400 ; Ex parte James,
8 Ves . 348, 349 ; Parkes 2. White, 11
Ves . 226; Campbell v. Walker, 5Ves .
681 ; Lister v. Lister, 6 Ves . 632 ; Ex
parte Badcock, 1 Mont. & Mac. 239.
658