*309
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
in England and Wales, as well as in Consolidated, Reduced,
and New 31. per cent. Annuities."
[*309]
* R. 18. " Every application for the purpose of the
conversion of any stocks, funds, or securities into any
other stocks, funds, or securities authorized by the last preceding rule, shall be served upon the trustees thereof if any,
and upon such other persons if any as the Court or judge
shall think fit ."
7. Meaning of East India Stock.
It was at one time considered that the East India stock referred to in the Order of
1st February, 1861, was the old East India stock (i.e., the
capital stock of the East India Company), as the new loan
had not then acquired the distinctive name of East India
stock.
But in a recent case in the Court of Appeal, the late M. R. stated that it had always been held that new East India
stock was within the intention of the General Order, and
it was held that new 31. 10s. per cent. East India stock created under the powers of 42 & 43 Vict. c. 60, was within the
order (a).
The old East India stock has now been redeemed or commuted, and has ceased to exist (b), and the loans under the
several East India Loan Acts are now known as East India
stock, and the recent order clearly includes the stocks created
under those Acts .]
8. Applications under the Act.-Upon application under
the Order of 1st February, 1861, the Court at first sanctioned
investments in East India stock (c) upon the petition of the
tenant for life, even though the market price of investment
exceeded, as it commonly did, the fixed rate at which the
stock would be redeemable in 1874, viz. 200l. per cent. (d) .
[(a) Ex parte
St. John Baptist
College, Oxford, 22 Ch . D. 93. ]
(b) See 36 Vict. c. 17, which provided for the redemption or commutation of the stock on or before 30
April, 1874.
(c) That is the old East
India
stock,
technically known by that
name ;
Equitable Reversionary Interest Society v. Fuller, 1 J. & H.
382;
Colne
Valley and Halstead
Railway Company, 1 De G. F. & J.
53; Re Fromow's Estate, 8 W. R. 272 .
(d) Bishop v. Bishop, 9 W. R. 549 ;
Cohen v. Waley, 7 Jur. N. S. 937;
Equitable Reversionary Interest Society v. Fuller, 1 J. & H. 379. This cause
was heard on appeal before L. JJ. on
17th July, 1861, when L. J. Knight
Bruce thought the order should be
sustained on special grounds, so that
any expression of opinion by L. J.
430