*252
[Сн. ХІІІ.
DELEGATION OF THE TRUST.
release is either under the sanction of a Court of Equity, or
by virtue of a special power in the instrument creating the
trust, [or of a statutory power (a)], or with the consent of
all the parties interested in the estate and being suijuris (b) .
Executor cannot renounce after he has acted.-Thus, where
A. was named executor, and acted in behalf of some particular legatees, but disclaimed the intention of interfering generally, and then renounced, and B. obtained letters of administration cum testamento annexo, and possessed himself of
assets, and died insolvent, it was held that A., having acted,
could not afterwards discharge himself, and was responsible
[*252]
for the devastavit committed by B. (c) .
* 2. Moorcroft v. Dowding.
Though a trustee
may have given a bond for the due execution of the
trust, and the cestui que trust may have recovered upon the
bond, and been paid the money, yet, if the cestui que trust
afterwards take proceedings to compel a conveyance of the
trust estate, the trustee cannot divest himself of his fiduciary
character by pleading that the penalty of the bond was a
stated damage for the breach of trust, and that on payment
of the penalty the trustee should be released. A conveyance, however, will not be decreed without an allowance to
the trustee of the penalty recovered upon the bond, with the
interest at the usual rate (a) .
Secondly. The office of trustee, being one of personal confidence, cannot be delegated.1
[(a) See 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, ss.
31, 32.]
(b) See Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch . &
Lef. 245; Chalmer v . Bradley, 1 J. &
W. 68; Read v. Truelove, Amb. 417;
Manson v. Baillie, 2 Macq. H. L. Cas .
80.
As to the discharge of the trustee, see Ch. XXV. infra.
(c) Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch. & Lef.
231; see Lowry v. Fulton, 9 Sim. 123.
(a) Moorcroft v. Dowding,2 P. W.
314.
1Delegation of the trust.- The powers and duties of a trustee cannot be
delegated unless there are express directions to that effect in the trust;
Winthrop v . Attorney-General, 128 Mass. 258; Wilson v. Towle, 36 N. H. 129 ;
Suarez v . Pumpelly, 2 Sandf. Ch. 336.
The settlor may make any provisions
in reference to the trustees and their powers that he wishes ; Whelan v.
Reilly, 3 W. Va. 597; he may direct his trustee to name his successor ;
Abbott, Petr. 55 Me. 580; but his rights may be limited as against creditors ;
Planck v . Schermerhorn, 3 Barb. Ch. 644; should a trustee attempt to transfer his powers, he will be responsible to his cestui que trust; Taylor v. Hop
346