*270
[CH. XIII.
LIABILITY OF CO-EXECUTORS .

Lord Thurlow, indeed, is reported to have questioned the decision in Westley v. Clarke (b) ; but Lord Alvanley said, " he must enter his dissent against the rule that executors joining in a receipt were both liable, for he did not hold that an executor could not in any case be discharged from a receipt given for conformity: he did not find fault, for instance, with the case of Westley v. Clarke " (c). And, again, he said, "he perfectly concurred in the decision of that case ; and the joining in a receipt, though not perhaps absolutely necessary, he would not consider conclusive" (d).

Lord Eldon, in evident allusion to the case of Westley v. Clarke, admitted that the old rule had been pared down, at the same time expressing his opinion that the notion upon which the later cases had proceeded, viz., that the old rule had a tendency * to discourage executors from acting, was very ill founded. A plain general rule, he thought, which once laid down was easily understood and might be generally known, was much more inviting to executors than a rule referring everything to the particular circumstances (a).

Present doctrine on the subject.
The later doctrine of the Court was thus enunciated by Lord Eldon:- "Though one executor has joined in a receipt, yet whether he is liable shall depend upon his acting. The former was a simple rule that joining should be considered as acting, but now joining alone does not impose responsibility" (b); and in another case he observed that the old rule had been "broken down, leaving every case to be determined by its own circumstances" (c).

Lord Redesdale laid down the rule thus: "The distinction with respect to mere signing appears to be this; that if a receipt be given for the purpose of form, then the signing will not charge the person not receiving; but if it be given under circumstances purporting that the money, though not actually received by both executors, was under the control" (d).

94.
(b) Sadler v. Hobbs, 2 B. C. С. 117.
(c) Scurfield v. Howes, 3 B. С. С.
(d) Hovey v. Blakeman, 4 Ves. 198; Brice v. Stokes, 11 Ves. 325; Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 64.
(b) Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 64.
(c) Shipbrook v. Hinchinbrook, 16 608.
(a) See Chambers v. Minchin, 7 Ves. 479 .