No person compellable to be a trustee.-It may be laid down as a clear and undisputed rule, that no one is compellable to undertake a trust (a). "Though a person," said

(a) Robinson v. Pett, 3 P. W. 251, per Lord Talbot; Moyle v. Moyle, 2 R. & M. 715, per Lord Brougham; Lowry v. Fulton, 9 Sim. 123, per Sir L. Shadwell.

1 Disclaimer.-- The trustee named may refuse to act even though it should prevent the beneficiary from receiving any of the benefit which the trustee intended for him; Beekman v. Bonsor, 23 N. Y. 298; such a refusal will not destroy the trust, as the court will appoint another trustee; Nicoll v. Ogden, 29 Ill. 323; 81 Am. Dec. 311; Thatcher v. Church, 37 Mich. 264; Johnson v. Roland, 58 Tenn. 203; Nicoll v. Miller, 37 III. 387; declining to act as an executor is not a disclaimer of a trust declared in a will; Tainter v. Clark, 13 Met. 224; William v. Cushing, 34 Me. 370; Garner v. Dowling, 11 Heisk. 48; Anderson v. Earle, 9 S. C. 460; this refusal may be in writing, or such a tacit refusal as would make plain the intention to disclaim; Read v. Robinson, 6 Watts & S. 331; for there is a presumption of acceptance until the contrary appears; Furman v. Fisher, 4 Cold. 626; Penny v. Davis, 3 B. Mon. 313; especially if there is a long lapse of time; Eyrick v. Hetrick, 13 Pa. St. 493; a parol disclaimer is sufficient, even of a trust of real estate. Roseboom v. Mosher, 2 Denio, 61; Hamilton v. Love, 2 Kerr. (N. B.) 243; Thomsons v. Meek, 7 Leigh. 419; but it must be certain and complete;