*397
[CH . XVII. S. 1 .
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
language of the instrument be clear and unambiguous, that
the vesting of portions in sons who attain twenty-one or in
daughters who attain twenty-one or marry is to depend on
some contingency, as the event of their surviving their
parents, the Court cannot contradict the written instrument (a) .
3. Where portional fund has to be created.-A distinction
must also be made between those cases where the portional
fund exists or is to be raised at all events, so that the question relates only to the distribution of the fund, and those
cases where the fund itself is to be called into existence
upon a contingency, so that the latter contingency leavens
all the portions and makes them all contingent.
Thus in Hotchkin v. Humfrey (b) a term of 500 years was
created in trust that " in case the husband should leave one
or more younger children that should be living at the decease
of the survivor of the husband and wife," the trustees were
to raise portions for " such younger children," the same to
be paid to daughters at the age of eighteen or marriage, and
to sons at twenty-one ; and should there be no such son or
daughter then the term to cease.
There were four children
of the marriage who attained twenty-one, but two only survived both parents.
Was the portional fund to be divided
between the four or given to the two who survived ?
Sir
T. Plumer said, " If the children who died before the surviving parent are to be considered as having taken vested
interests, it must follow that a vested interest was given on
a contingency.
Can that be? When a fund is contingent
the shares to be paid out of it must be contingent.
If all
the children had died before the surviving parent, the fund
would not have been raisable, and therefore till such parent's
death it was uncertain and contingent whether it could be
raised.
The intention appears to me, therefore, to have been
(a) Re Wollaston's Settlement, 27
Beav . 642 ; Jeffery v. Jeffery, 17 Sim .
26; Bradley v. Powell, Cas . t. Talb .
193, but doubted by Lord Hardwicke,
in Tunstal v. Bracken, 1 В. С. С. 124,
note;
Fitzgerald v. Field, 1 Russ .
430; Bright v. Rowe, 3 M. & Κ. 316 ;
Skipper v . King, 12 Beav. 29 ; Whatford v. Moore, 7 Sim. 574 ; Farrer v .
Barker, 9 Hare, 737; and see Worsley v. Granville, 2 Ves. sen. 333.
(b) 2 Mad. 65 ; and see Swallow v.
Binns , 1 K. & J. 426; Fitzgerald v.
Field, 1 Russ. 430.