*38
[CH. III . S. 2.
INFANTS .
the power is to be exercisable notwithstanding infancy, an
infant may appoint even although his interest may be affected
by the appointment (a). A trust which requires the exercise
of discretion cannot be executed by an infant (b)] .

11. Power of passing the estate.- Effect of feoffment, or delivery of chattels .-Effect of delivery of a deed
Effect of his
assurance without feoffment, delivery, or deed.-With respect
to an infant's ability to pass the estate, it seems to be generally agreed that, at common law, a feoffment of lands (c)
or an actual delivery of goods and chattels (d), is an act of
so great solemnity, that it serves to carry the present possession, and is voidable only, and not void. Where the property is of an incorporeal nature, as the delivery of the thing
itself is impossible, the common law has substituted the kindred precaution of delivery of the deed.
The effect of a deed
delivered by an infant has been much disputed ; by some
it has been held to be absolutely null and void (e), by others
to be voidable only (f), and by others again to be void or
voidable, as the validity of the execution is taken to be for
the infant's benefit or not (g).
Another opinion still (which
is that of Perkins (h), and was adopted in the case of Zouch
v. Parsons (i) , and maybe regarded as the doctrine of the
present day) is, that an infant's deed, where the delivery of
it answers to livery of seisin, and operates as the convey
695; S. C. 1 Ves. 298; Re Cardross's
Settlement, 7 Ch. D. 728.]

[(a) Re Cardross's Settlement, 7
Ch . D. 728 ; Re D'Angibau, 15 Ch. D.
228.]

[(b) King v. Bellord, 1 H. & M.
343.]

(c) Thompson v. Leach, 3 Mod.
311, per Cur.: Br. Ab . " Covert. and
Inf." pl . 1; and see Co. Lit. 42, b, 51,
b ; Whittingham's case, 8 Rep. 42, b;
Br. Ab . " Covert. and Inf." pl . 40.

(d) Perk. 14 ; Br. Ab .
" Covert.
and Inf." pl. 1.

(e) Br. Ab . " Covert. and Inf." pl.
1 & 10; Lloyd v. Gregory, Cro. Car.
502, per Cur.; Thompson v . Leach, 3
Mod. 310, per Cur.
See observations
on the last two cases in Zouch
v.
Parsons, 3 Burr. 1806 & 1807 ; and
see Humphreston's case, 2 Leon. 216.

(f) Norton v . Turvill, 2 P. W. 145,
per Sir J. Jekyll.

(g) See Zouch v. Parsons, 3 Burr.
1804; and see Humphreston's case, 2
Leon. 216; Lloyd v. Gregory, Cro .
Car. 502; Nightingale v. Earl Ferrers,
3 P. W. 210 ; Inman v. Inman, 15 L.
R. Eq . 260 .

(h) Sects . 12 & 154; and see Br .
Ab. " Dum fuit infra ætatem," pl. 1;
id. " Covert. and Inf." pl. 12 ; Stone
v. Wythipole, Cr. El. 126; Marlow v.
Pitfield, 1 P. W. 559.

(i) 3 Burr. 1807 ; confirmed by the
recent case of Allen v. Allen, 1 Conn.
& Laws . 427, 2 Drur. & War. 307.
46