*566
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS.

[Сн. ХХІІ.
lease, estate, interest, or reversion, in respect whereof the
money was paid, or as near thereto as may be.
Under this section it will be the duty of the trustee to
take care upon a sale by the tenant for life of a lease[*566] hold interest, or a * reversion, that the proceeds of
the sale are so dealt with as not to affect the relative
interests of the tenant for life and remainderman (a) .
This
section corresponds with the 74th section of the Lands
Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and its construction will be
regulated by the decisions under that Act (b) .
Thus, if the
property is subject to a lease at a rent less than the income
produced by the investment of the purchase-money the
tenant for life will be entitled during the remainder of the
term, for which the property was let, to a sum equal only to
the rent, and the residue of the income should be accumulated at compound interest until the end of the term, after
which the tenant for life will be entitled to the whole of the
income including the income of the accumulations (c) .
So, on the other hand, if the property sold was a lease for
a short term, the tenant for life is entitled to receive an annuity of such an amount as will exhaust the proceeds of sale
in the number of years which the lease had to run (d) .

23. Heirlooms.-By sect. 37, sub-sect. (1), where personal chattels are settled on trust so as to devolve with land
until a tenant in tail by purchase is born, or attains the age
of twenty-one years, or so as otherwise to vest in some person becoming entitled to an estate of freehold of inheritance
in the land, a tenant for life of the land may sell the chattels
or any of them; and by sub-sect. (2), the money arising by
the sale is to be capital money arising under the Act, and
to be paid, invested, or applied, and otherwise dealt with in
like manner in all respects as by the Act directed with
respect to other capital money arising under the Act, or may
be invested in the purchase of other chattels, of the same or
(a) See Re Griffith's Will, 49 L.
T. N. S. 161 .
(b) Cottrell v . Cottrell, 28 Ch . D.
628.
(c) Re Wootton's Estate, 1 L. R.
Eq. 589 ; Re Mette's Estate, 7 L. R.
Eq. 72 ; Re Wilkes' Estate, 16 Ch. D.
597; Cottrell v. Cottrell,33 W. R. 361 ;
28 Ch . D. 628 .
(d) Askew v. Woodhead, 14 Ch.
D. 27 .