FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS.
tion on the part of the testator.
It is only as respects any
surplus personal estate after payment of debts that the executor ought to regulate his administration by the directions
of the will. A devise, however, of real estate for payment
of debts is in all cases unimpeachable, for the statutes that
have avoided devises as against specialty creditors (a), and
now as against simple contract creditors (b), have expressly
excepted devises for payment of debts .

3.
Trust created by act inter vivos attended with fraud.
As to trusts created by act inter vivos, a trust for payment
of debts will in all cases be void, if vitiated by actual fraud,
as if the debtor by an understanding between him and his
trustees be left in possession of the estate so as to obtain a
fictitious credit (c) .

(a) 11 G. 4 & 1 W. 4, c. 47.
(b) 3 & 4 W. 4, с. 104.
(c) Twyne's
case, 3 Rep. 80 a;
Wilson v. Day, 2 Burr. 827 ; Hungerford v. Earle, 2 Vern. 261 ; Tarback
v. Marbury, 2 Vern. 510; Law v.
Skinner, W. Bl. 996; and see Worseley v. De Mattos, 1 Burr. 467 ; Stone
v. Grantham, 2 Buls. 218 ; Pickstock
v. Lyster, 3 M. & S. 371 ; Dutton v.
Morrison, 17 Ves . 197.
and execution; Green v. Kornegay, 4 Jones Law, 66 ; 67 Am. Dec. 261. A
bona fide trust deed to secure future advances maybe valid; Wilson v.
Russell, 13 Md. 495; 71 Am. Dec. 645.
Misconduct of trustee in not selling
trust property cannot affect the creditors or impair their rights; Carter v.
Neal, 24 Ga. 346 ; 71 Am. Dec. 136.
An assignee of the trustee will be compelled to execute the original trust at the instance of the cestui que trust;
Pierce v. McKeehan, 3 Pa. St. 136; 45 Am. Dec. 635. A vendor selling land
and not receiving all the purchase-money will become a trustee, and if he is
insolvent at any time his interest therein passes to his assignee ; Swepson v .
Rouse, 65 N. C. 34 ; 6 Am . Rep. 735. A trust in favor of an insolvent may
be enforced in equity by the beneficiary against the trustee ; Baker v . Evans ,
Winston's Eq. 109; 86 Am. Dec. 456; Ferguson v. Haas, 64 N. C. 778 .
Any balance remaining after the payment of debts goes to the assignor ;
Steevens v . Earles, 25 Mich. 41 ; Hall v. Denison, 17 Vt. 311.
Any hostile
creditors may resort to a trustee process or its equivalent; Hastings v. Baldwin, 17 Mass . 558; Todd v. Bucknam, 2 Fairf. 41. A deed absolute on its
face may create a trust ; Campbell v. Dearborn, 109 Mass. 130.
Corporations may receive deeds of trust; Wright v. Bundy, 11 Met. 398; Fogarty
v. Sawyer, 23 Cal. 570 ; Wilson v. Troup, 7 Johns . Ch. 25; Smith v. Doe, 26
Miss. 291.
Acceptance of trust may be shown by parol; Field v. Arrowsmith, 3
Humph . 442; Brevard v. Neely, 2 Sneed, 164. A trust to secure bondsmen is
good; Roden v . Jaco, 17 Ala. 344.
Statutes regulate powers, but do not
create them;
see Richmond v. Hughes, 9 R. I. 228; Elliott v. Wood, 45
Ν. Υ. 71 .