[*572]
* CHAPTER XXIII .
THE POWERS OF TRUSTEES .

THE powers of trustees are either General or Special; the
former, such as by construction of law are incident to the
office of trustee virtute officii; the latter, such as are conferred vi terminorum, i.e., by the settlor himself by an express proviso in the instrument creating the trust.

SECTION I.
OF THE GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES.1

1. Powers of trustees at law distinguished from their powers
in equity.
In a Court of law the trustee, as the absolute
proprietor, may of course exercise all such powers as the
legal ownership confers ; but in equity the cestui que trust is
the absolute owner, and the question we have to consider in
this place is, how far the trustee may deal with the estate.

1. General powers of trustees .- Powers must be executed, according to the
settlor's intention as indicated by the declaration of trust ; Kerr v. Verner, 66
Pa. St. 326 ; Guion v. Pickett, 42 Miss . 77.
At law the trustee has largely
the powers of an absolute owner; Slevin v. Brown, 32 Mo. 176 ; Harrison v.
Rowan, 4 Wash. C. C. 202; but in equity the cestui que trust is regarded as the
owner, and the trustee must perform certain duties for him, neither omitting
from nor adding thereto, and if particular directions are given they must be
exactly carried out, without any discretion ; Wormley v . Wormley, 8 Wheat.
421; Beatty v. Clark, 20 Cal. 11.
Trustees may receive instructions and
directions from the court, if there is any doubt about the course they should
pursue; Petition of Baptist Church, 51 N. H. 424 ; Woodruff v . Cook, 47 Barb .
304; Loring v. Steineman, 1 Met. 207 ; Crosby v. Mason, 32 Conn. 482; Tillinghast v. Coggeshall, 7 R. I. 383.
A trustee may make repairs, but he must indulge in no unnecessary
expense; Sohier v. Eldredge, 103 Mass. 345; Herbert v. Herbert, 57 How. Pr.
333; Williams v. Smith, 10 R. I. 280 ; trust estate may become subject to a
mechanic's lien; Cheatham v. Rowland, 92 N. C. 340 .
Power to mortgage.-Mortgage should not be executed in individual cарасity; Gilbert v. Gilbert, 39 Ia. 657; trustee may not mortgage to secure his
own debt ; Merriman v. Russell, 39 Tex. 278 ; may mortgage unless forbidden
by the trust instrument; Dibrell v. Carlisle, 51 Miss. 785; Miller v. Redwine,
774