Sect. 8. Cannot be assigned or released.- These powers of the tenant for life are not capable of assignment or release, and do not pass to a person as being by operation of law or otherwise an assignee of a tenant for life, and remain exercisable by a tenant for life after and notwithstanding any assignment of his estate or interest ; and a contract by the tenant for life not to exercise any of the powers is void.
But the exercise of the powers will be without prejudice to the rights of the assignee for value of the tenant for life's estate or interest ; and the assignee's rights are not
to be affected without his consent, except * that un- [*556] less the assignee is in actual possession of the settled land or part thereof, his consent is not to be requisite for
the making of leases by the tenant for life at the best rent, without fine, and in other respects in conformity with the Act (a) .
Provisions prohibiting exercise of powers void.-By sect. 51, any provision in a settlement tending or intended to prohibit or prevent the tenant for life from exercising, or to induce him to abstain from exercising, or to put him into a position inconsistent with his exercising any power under the Act, is made void; and by sect. 52, notwithstanding anything in a settlement, the exercise by the tenant for life of any power under the Act shall not occasion a forfeiture.
Sect. 9. Powers
of the Act cumulative.-By sect. 56, the
powers conferred by the Act are not to effect prejudicially
any powers subsisting under the settlement, or by statute or
otherwise, exercisable by a tenant for life, or by trustees,
and the powers given by the Act are cumulative, by which
is understood that the powers of the settlement, and those
under the Act, are co-existent, and that it is optional with
the tenant for life to exercise the powers conferred by the
Act, or, his consent to the exercise by the trustees of their
(a) Sect. 50.
In this section " assignment"
includes assignment by
way of mortgage, and any partial or
qualified assignment, and any charge
or incumbrance, and " assignee " has
a corresponding meaning.