*158
[CH. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
the estate previously given to the devisee ; in the former case
the legacy would be an exception (6), and in the latter a charge.
(II.) Assuming the legacy to be, according to the true
construction of the will, not an exception but a charge, then
if the legacy be given by way of a condition imposed on the
devisee, the legacy, as the condition is void, sinks for the
devisee's benefit (c) .
(III.) If the estate be devised charged with a sum, say of
1000l., to be paid to the testator's executors and applied in discharge of his debts and legacies, including a legacy to a
charity, in this case the charge is raisable as against the
devisee, and the charity legacy will be a resulting trust to
the testator's heir-at-law (d).
(IV.) If the estate be simply devised to one, charged with
or subject to a legacy in favour of another, and there is
nothing on the face of the will to show that the legacy
though expressed in the form of a charge, was meant to be
an exception, then the leaning of the Court at the present
day would appear to be in favour of the devisee (e) .
[*158]
* (v.) It may be doubted whether the circumstance of a direction for an intermediate payment to
the testator's executors of the sum to be raised be a tenable
ground of distinction, and should the Court decide in favour
of a devisee in a case under the fourth head, such decision
would undoubtedly shake those in favour of the heir under
the third.
It would be a reasonable and intelligible rule to
(b) Cooper's Trusts, 4 De G. M. &
G. 757.
See Tucker v. Kayess, 4 K.
& J. 339 .
(c) Poor v. Mial, 6 Madd. 32 ; Arnold v. Chapman, 1 Ves. 108; Ridgway v. Woodhouse, 7 Beav. 437.
See
contrà Bland v. Wilkins , cited Wright
v . Row, 1 B. C. C. 61 note .
In Cooke
v. Stationers' Company, the M. R.
said the condition made no difference,
as it was no more than a charge, 3
Μ. & Κ. 266 .
(d) Arnold v. Chapman, 1 Ves.
108; Henchman v. Attorney-General,
3 Μ. & Κ. 494.
(e) Cooke v. Stationers' Company,
3Μ. & Κ. 262 ; Baker v. Hall, 12 Ves .
497 (but the heir was not a party) ;
Barrington v. Hereford, cited Wright
ข. Row, 1 B. C. C. 61 ; Jackson v.
Hurlock, 2Eden, 263 ; Amb. 487 ; and
see remarks of Lord Redesdale and
Lord Eldon on this case in Tregonwell v. Sydenham, 3 Dow, 208-213.
Lord Eldon assumed the power to be
good, but that, as it was exercised in
favour of a charity, the devisee was not
affected by a void execution of the
power, and was rightly allowed to retain the estate; in fact, there was no
appointment to a charity, for the letter, not being of a testamentary character, could not be read.
See contrà
Gravenor v. Hallum, Amb. 643.