CH. VIII. S. 1.

OF CHATTELS IN WILLS .

eldest son, to be vested at 21 (a), with an ultimate trust in
favour of John (b) .
In another case (c) a testatrix devised real and personal
estate to trustees in trust for A. for life, with remainders
over in tail. A peerage was afterwards granted to A. for
life with remainder to B., her second son, in tail male ; and
then the testatrix, by a codicil directed the trustees to settle
the real and personal estate " in a course of entail to correspond as nearly as might be with the limitations of the barony,
in such manner and form and with such powers as the trustees should consider proper or their counsel should advise,"
and it was held that the object of making provision for the
holders of a peerage, and the object of making provision for
the children of a marriage, appeared so analogous, that it
was the duty of the Court, in the former as well as the latter
case, to prevent, as far as possible, the defeat of the object ;
and accordingly the real estate was directed to be settled on
A.'s second son for life, without impeachment of waste,
with remainders to his first and other sons in tail male, &c.,
with power to the tenant for life of jointuring and charging
portions ; and the personal estate was directed to be settled
so as to go along with the real estate in the nature of heirlooms, so far as the rules of law and equity would allow, but
so as not to vest in any tenant in tail by purchase who died
under 21 without leaving issue inheritable under the entail.
[A bequest of chattels to a peer and his successors, or to a
peer and his successors to be enjoyed with and to go with
the title, is not sufficient to create an executory trust or any
binding obligation affecting the legatee (d) .
So under a bequest of chattels to trustees "upon trust to permit and suffer
the property to go, and be held and enjoyed with the title
and honours of Exmouth, so far as the rules of law and
equity will admit, by the person for the time being actually
possessed of the title in the nature of heir-looms," the first
person who succeeds to the honours takes the chattels
(a) Shelly v. Shelly, 6 L. R. Eq.
Holmesdale, 4 L. R. H. L. 543; reversing West v. Viscount Holmesdale,
3 L. R. Eq. 474.
540.
(b) S. C. 6 L. R. Eq. 550.
(c) Sackville-West
Viscount
[(d) Re Johnston, 26 Ch. D. 538. ]
169