CH. XX. S. 3.

TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
*522
private arrangement with the debtor to the contrary, that he
will not take advantage of his specific lien, but will bring
it into the common stock and prove for his whole debt,
and accept a dividend pari passu with the rest (e) .
moment," observed Lord Lyndhurst, "a creditor releases
his debt, which he does by executing a deed of
"The
* this kind, there is, of course, an end of any lien he [*522]
may have for it " (a).
But though the word "release" be used in the deed, it will not necessarily operate
as an absolute and unconditional release, if the whole contents of the instrument, when taken together, show that
such was not the intention (b) .
9.
Trust for creditors who come in within certain time.-It
was held in Dunch v. Kent (c) that where there is a trust
for payment of such creditors as shall come in within a year,
a creditor who delays beyond the year is not therefore precluded from taking advantage of the trust; and in Raworth
v. Parker (d), V. C. Wood, after observing that there was
no modern authority in which relief had been given after the
time fixed for the execution of the deed had expired, added,
that if it were to be held that creditors are not admissible
after the prescribed period, Dunch v. Kent must be overruled.
And in a more recent case, where the trust was for the
benefit of creditors who should execute or accede within
three months, the Vice Chancellor held, and the decision
was affirmed by the Lord Chancellor on appeal, that a
creditor who had not acceded within the prescribed time
might claim the benefit of the trust (e) .
(e) Cullingworth v. Lloyd,2 Beav.
385; Buck v. Shippam, 1 Ph . 694;
14 Sim. 239.
(a) Buck v. Shippam, 1 Ph. 697 .
(b) Squire v . Ford, 9 Hare, 47.
(c) 1 Vern. 260 .
(d) 2 K. & J. 170, 171 ; and see
Collins v. Reece, 1 Coll. 675; Jolly v.
Wallis , 3 Esp. 228 ; Spottiswoode v .
Stockdale, G. Coop. 102; Johnson v.
Kershaw, 1 De G. & Sm. 260.
(e) Whitmore v. Turquand, 1 J.
& H. 444; 3 De G. F. &. J. 107.
V.
C. Wood rested his judgment, not on
the authority of Dunch v. Kent, but
upon general reasoning, and thought
that the decision in that case might
be accounted for on special grounds ;
but L. C. in affirming the judgment
of the V. C. said that he considered
the doctrine of the Court since Dunch
v. Kent, to have been that a creditor
might come in after the time prescribed, and that the time was not of
the essence of the deed, and that, in
his opinion, the view originally taken
in Raworth v. Parker, by V. C. Wood
ofDunch v. Kent, was the correct one.
707