CH. XX. S. 1.

*514 FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .

14. Where trust valid, the terms must be strictly observed. On the other hand, a creditor was not bound by the arrangement but might recover his whole debt, if the terms of the composition were not strictly and literally fulfilled ; for cujus est dare * ejus est disponere, and the creditor [*514] has a right to prescribe the conditions of his indulgence (a) .

15. [Bankruptcy Act, 1883.
By the Bankruptcy Act,
1869, (32 & 33 Vict. c. 71, which repealed 12 & 13 Vict. c.
106, and the subsequent Bankruptcy Act of 1861), the law
of bankruptcy was put upon a new footing.
But this Act
has itself been repealed by the Bankruptcy Act, 1883 (b),
which has again introduced a new law of bankruptcy.
All
persons, whether traders or otherwise, are now amenable to
the bankruptcy laws. By the 4th section of the late Act
the following acts (amongst others) are made acts of bankruptcy, viz.
1. Acts of bankruptcy.- That the debtor has in England
or elsewhere made a conveyance or assignment of his property to a trustee or trustees for the benefit of his creditors
generally.
2. That the debtor has in England or elsewhere made a
fraudulent conveyance, gift, delivery, or transfer of his property, or any part thereof.
3. Limitation of time. - That the debtor has in England or
elsewhere made any conveyance or transfer of his property
or any part thereof, or created any charge thereon which
would under that or any other Act be void as a fraudulent
preference if he were adjudged bankrupt (c) .
But by the 6th section a creditor is not to be entitled to
present a bankruptcy petition against a debtor unless the act
of bankruptcy has occurred within three months before the
presentation of the petition for adjudication.
Until the
expiration, therefore, of these three months] the trustees of

(a) Sewell v. Musson, 1 Vern. 210 ;
Mackenzie v. Mackenzie, 16 Ves. 374,
per Lord Eldon ; Leigh v. Barry, 3 Atk. 583, per Lord Hardwicke ; Ex
parte Bennett, 2 Atk. 527, per eundem ;
and see Fuller v. Lance, 7 Vin. Ab. 136.
[(b) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 52.]
[(c) As to what constitutes a fraudulent preference under the Act, see
sect. 48.]