*72
[CH. VI.
WHEN A TRUST
IS PERFECTLY CREATED .
tion,¹ of which express notice in writing shall have been given
to the debtor, trustee, or other person, from whom the assignor
would have been entitled to receive or claim such debt or
chose in action, shall be and be deemed to have been effectual
in law (subject to all equities which would have been entitled to priority over the right of the assignee if that Act
had not passed) to pass, and transfer the legal right to such
debt or chose in action from the date of such notice (d) ."
[The notice may be given at any time, even after the death
of the assignor ; but the effect of delaying to give notice will
be to let in any equities arising in the interval before the
notice is given (e) . ]
10. Where the property is an equitable interest.- If the
subject of the trust be an equitable interest, then on the
[(d) Under the corresponding section in the Irish Act, 40 & 41 Vict. c.
57, s . 28, sub-s. 6, it was held that
the volunteer assignee of a promissory
note, not negotiable, and not payable
at the time of the indorsement, was
within the Act.
Lee v. Magrath,10
L.R. Ir.45; reversed on other grounds,
10 L. R. Ir. 313.]
[(e) Walkerv. Bradford Old Bank,
12 Q. B. D. 511.]
1 In a very recent case, Lord Justice Cotton considered what was the origin
of the term chose in action : " I shall not go very far back in considering what
was the origin of the term chose in action.
It is sufficient inmy opinion to go
as far back as Blackstone.
After having dealt with personal property in possession, he goes on thus :
' Having thus considered the several divisions of
property in possession, which subsists there only where aman hath both the
right and also the occupation of the thing, we will proceed next to take a
short view of the nature of property in action, or such where a man hath not
the occupation, but merely a bare right to occupy the thing in question ; the
possession whereof may however be recovered by a suit or action at law :
from whence the thing so recoverable is called a thing or chose in action.'
Comm. vol . II, p. 39.
I may also refer to what was said, to my mind in rather
plainer terms, by Mr. Joshua Williams in his book on Personal Property, 12th
ed., p. 4, where he says: ' Although there was formerly no such thing as an
incorporeal chattel personal, there existed not unfrequently a right of action,
or the liberty of proceeding in the Courts of law either to recover pecuniary
damages for the infliction of a wrong, or the non-performance of a contract,
or else to procure the payment of money due.
Such a right was called, in the
Norman-French of our early lawyers , a chose or thing in action, whilst movable goods were denominated choses in action .
Originally those choses in action,
except in the case of choses in action of the Crown, could not be assigned, and
theywere not considered really to be property. '
Colonial Bank v . Whinney,
30 Ch . Div . at pp. 275, 276.
In this case it was decided that shares in a company incorporated under a statute with power to transfer, so as to vest the
shares at law in the person standing on the register, are not choses in action .
Cotton and Lindley, L. JJ., dissentiente Fry, L. J.