ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRUST.
The trust he would be liable for a breach of contract, as for
a simple contract debt (a).

If he execute the deed, it is not
necessary, in order to make it a covenant, that there should
be the word covenant, but the word agree and declare (b), or
the word declare alone will suffice (c).

There is no magic
in words, and it is simply a question of intention whether
the execution of the deed was for the purpose of creating
a specialty debt or alio intuitu (d).

In the case of a trustee
covenanting for himself and his heirs, a remedy lay at common law against the heir in respect of estates descended ;
and by 3 W. & M. c. 14, the like remedy was given against
the devisee of the debtor: but this was only where the specialty would have supported an action of debt, as in the case
of a bond, and did not apply to a covenant, by which, not a
debt, was created, but damages were recoverable (e) ; but 11 G. 4, & 1 W. 4, c. 47, perfected the remedy by extending it
to the case of a covenant [or other specialty. By the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881, unless a contrary
intention is expressed, a covenant and a contract under seal,
and a bond or obligation under seal, made, or implied by
virtue of the Act, since the 31st December, 1881, though
not expressed to bind the heirs, operate in law to bind the
heirs and real estate, as well as the executors and administrators, and personal estate, as if heirs were expressed (f) .

The effect of this section seems to be to extend the remedy
given by 11 G. 4, & 1 W. 4, c. 47, to all specialty creditors ,
whether the heirs are named or not. By 3 & 4 W. 4, c. 104,
it was] declared that the lands of a debtor should be liable
to all his debts, whether on simple contract or on specialty ;
Bryan, 5 Ir. Ch . Rep. 119 ; Marryat
v. Marryat, 6Jur. N. S. 572; Courtney
v. Taylor, 6 M. & Gr. 851 ; Wynch v.
Grant, 2 Drew, 312.

It appears from
the latter case, that in Adey v.Arnold,
the trustee had executed the deed, a
circumstance not mentioned in the
report of Adey v. Arnold.
(a) Richardson v. Jenkins, 1 Drew.
477; Vincent v. Godson, 1 Sm. & G.
384.

(b) Westmoreland v. Tunnicliffe,
W. N. 1869, p. 182.

(c) Richardson v. Jenkins, 1 Drew.
477; and see Saltoun v. Houston, 1
Bing. N. C. 433 ; Cummins v. Cummins, 3 Jones & Lat. 64; 8 Ir. Eq.
Rep . 723 ;
Jenkins v. Robertson, 1
Eq. Rep. 123 .

(d) Isaacson v. Harwood, 3 L. R.
Ch. App. 225.

(e) Wilson v . Knubley, 7 East. 127.

[(f) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 59.]