CH. XIII .]
*256
DELEGATION OF THE TRUST .

the dividend cheques upon the bankers in favour of the
creditors, and delivered them to B., who undertook to affix
his signature, and deliver them to the creditors, and B.
accordingly signed the cheques, and placed them in his desk,
whence they were stolen, and presented at the bank, and
paid; on an application to the Court to make A. answerable,
Sir J. Leach was of opinion that the delivery of the cheques
by A. to B. as his co-assignee, was an act done of necessity
in the course of business, and that he was not responsible
for the subsequent loss of the cheques (b).

[Re Speight.- So where a trustee employed a broker in the
ordinary course of business, to invest trust funds in proper
securities authorized by the trust, and on receipt of the
bought note handed over a cheque for the purchase-money
to the broker, who misappropriated it, the trustee was not
liable to make good the loss (c) .
But a trustee negotiating
with a municipal corporation through a broker, for a direct
loan to them, would not be justified in handing over the
money to the broker for payment to the corporation, for
" there would be no moral necessity or sufficient practical
reason from the usage of mankind or otherwise," to justify
such a course (d) .]

7. Ex parte Townsend.-But where the assignees of a
bankrupt employed an attorney to recover debts due to the
estate, and the attorney brought actions and received the
money and absconded, Sir A. Hart held them accountable on
the ground that there was no necessity for permitting the
attorney to receive one shilling of the money recovered
further than his costs, and laid it down, that if the
attorney received the *money one day and become [*256]
insolvent the next, the assignee would be liable.
And his Lordship said the same point had been decided in
an unreported case before Lord Eldon (a) .

Trustees, undoubtedly must not let the money lie in the hands of the

(b) Ex parte Griffin, 2 Gl . & J. 114; and see Wackerbath v. Powell,
Buck, 495; S. C. 2 Gl. & J. 151;
Kilbee v . Sneyd, 2 Moll. 186.

[(c) Re Speight, 22 Ch. D. 727 ; 9
App. Cas . 1.]

[(d) Re Speight, ubi sup.]

(a) Ex parte Townsend, 1 Moll. 139; see Anon. case, 12 Mod. 560;
Re Fryer, 3 K. & J. 317 .