*295
CUSTODY OF THE TRUST PROPERTY.
[CH. XIV. S. 2.

2. Robbery of the trust property.-A trustee in an old case,
had kept in his house 40l. of trust money, and 2001. belonging to himself, and was robbed of both by his servant, and
was held not to be responsible (f).

An administratrix had
left goods with her solicitor to be delivered to the party
entitled.
The articles were stolen ; and the Court said it
was the same as if they had been in the custody of the administratrix, and it was too hard to charge her with the
loss (g) .

Lord Romilly, however, in a recent case, made a
distinction between a loss arising from a criminal act
[*295] done by a stranger, and a criminal act done by * an
agent appointed by the trustee himself, and held that
in the latter case, but aggravated by circumstances of carelessness, and where both parties were innocent, the trustee
was liable (a).

3. Chattels passing by delivery.- Where there are several
trustees, as they cannot all have the custody of the property,
(f) Morley v. Morley, ubi supra ;
and see Jones v. Lewis, 2 Ves . 241;
Ex parte Belchier, Amb. 220; Ex
parte Griffin, 2 Gl. & J. 114.
But see
Sutton v . Wilders, 12 L. R. Eq . 377.

A trustee should not compromise a claim unless he can show the impossibility of getting more ; Bacot v. Heyward, 5 S. C. 441 .

If a trustee personally owes the trust estate, he must consider his debt as
assets received, and if he should not prove the claim against himself if bankrupt, he would continue liable even after his discharge ; Pettee v. Peppard,
120 Mass . 523 ; Hazleton v. Valentine, 113 Mass. 472 ; Chenery v. Davis, 16
Gray, 89; Prindle v. Holcomb, 45 Conn. 111; and acceptance of a trust
makes the trustee's previous indebtedness stand as collected assets ; Ipswich
Co. v. Story, 5 Met. 301; Stevens v. Gaylord, 11 Mass . 269 .

The trustee must use the same caution and judgment in the case of the
trust property that he would if the property were his own; Carpenter v. Carpenter, 12 R. I. 544. Taylor v. Benham, 5 How. 233 ; Campbell v. Miller, 38
Ga. 304; Gould v. Chappell, 42 Md. 466 ; King v. Talbot, 50 Barb. 453.

If the trustee deposit the trust funds in his own name, he will be liable for
any loss that results by consequence of the failure of the bank; School Dist.
Greenfield v. First National Bank, 102 Mass. 174; Mason v. Whitthorne, 2
Cold. 242.

If the trustee mix the trust funds with his own the cestui que trust may
claim all that the trustee cannot positively identify; Morrison v. Kinstra, 55
Miss. 71.

408