*267
[CH. XIII.
LIABILITY OF CO-TRUSTEES .
[*267] bond in the mean time .
*What passed in the interval between to the death of Donnithorne does not
appear.
If it were necessary to decide the point, an inquiry
before the Master must be directed " (a) .
Sir W. Grant
dismissed the bill, which was to set aside (as having been
fraudulently obtained) a compromise of the alleged breach
of trust, but did so on grounds foreign to the subject under
discussion ; Lord Eldon, however, before whom the case was
brought upon appeal, reversed Sir W. Grant's decree, and
directed an inquiry by the Master as to the conduct of the
trustees from January, 1791, when the mortgage was paid
off, to 1796, the time of Donnithorne's death.
It then
appeared by the Master's report, made in pursuance of the
order, that the money had been invested by Donnithorne,
soon after he had received it, in East India bills payable to
himself; that the money due on the bills had been discharged
in 1793, and the money paid to Donnithorne ; that the cotrustees had made no inquiry about the trust fund from
January, 1791, till May, 1795, which was the time when
Symonds wrote the letter and made the applications already
stated. On the hearing of the cause upon further directions,
Lord Eldon said, " The cause comes back with a report stating a clear breach of trust in leaving the trust-fund in the
situation represented from 1791 to 1793, and from 1793 to
1795.
The money was laid out in 1791, with the consent
of the trustees, on India bills payable to Donnithorne, a palpable breach of trust by placing the fund under his control,
secured by little more than a promissory note payable to
himself.
It was probable that in 1793 Donnithorne would
be paid the money due on the bills, and it would be lodged
in his hands ; and although the Court will proceed as
favourably as it can to trustees who have laid out the
money on a security from which they cannot with activity
recover it, yet no Judge can say they are not guilty of a
breach of trust, if they suffer it to lie out on such a security
during so long a time (b) .
The trustees were guilty of a
breach of trust, in permitting the money to remain on bills
(a) 3 Sw. 41.
(b) 3 Sw. 65.
368