*478
[CH. XVIII . S. 2 .
EXECUTORS' RECEIPTS.
sale (d), all or any part of the assets, legal or equitable (e) ;
and though liable to render an account to the Court, he cannot be interrupted in the discharge of his office by any person
claiming either dehors the will, as a creditor, or under it, as
a legatee.
The creditor has merely a demand against the
executor personally (f) , the pecuniary or specific legatee is
not entitled to the legacy or bequest until the executor has
assented (g) , and the residuary legatee has no lien until the
estate has been liquidated and cleared of all liabilities, both
dehors and under the will (h).
Upon the sale of the chattel,
the purchaser is not concerned to see to the application of
his purchase-money, and it need not be recited in the conveyance that the money is wanted for the discharge of liabilities (i) : it is sufficient that the purchaser trusts him whom
the testator has trusted (j) : if there be any misapplication,
the remedy of the creditor or legatee is not against the
purchaser, but the executor (k).
It is impossible for the
purchaser to ascertain the necessity of the sale, for
[*478] this * must depend upon the state of the accounts,
which he has no means of investigating without the
powers annexed only to the executorship (a) .
Notice of the will.-Even express notice of the will, and
of the bequests contained in it, works to the purchaser no
prejudice ; for " every person," said Sir J. Leach, " who deals
with an executor has necessarily implied if not express
notice of the will : but as a purchaser of real estate devised
(d) Russell v. Plaice,18 Beav. 21 ;
and see p. 426, supra.
(e) M'Leod v . Drummond , 14 Ves .
360, per Sir W. Grant; Nugent v.
Gifford, 1 Atk. 463.
(f) Nugent v . Gifford, 1 Atk. 463,
per Lord Hardwicke ; Mead v. Orrery,
3 Atk. 238, per eundem ; M'Leod v.
Drummond, 17 Ves. 163, per Lord
Eldon.
(g) Mead v. Orrery, 3 Atk. 238,
240, per Lord Hardwicke.
But the
executor is bound to assent as soon
as the funeral and testamentary expenses and debts have been paid,
Greene v. Greene, 3 I. R. Eq . 102,
per Cur.
(h) M'Leod v . Drummond, 17 Ves .
163, 169, per Lord Eldon ; and see
Mead v. Orrery, 3 Atk. 238, 240.
(i) Bonney v. Ridgard, 1 Cox, 148,
per Lord Kenyon.
(j) Id.
(k) Humble v. Bill, 2 Vern. 445,
per Cur.; Ewer v. Corbet, 2 P. W. 149,
per Sir J. Jekyll ; Watts v. Kancie,
Toth. 77; Nurton v. Nurton, id.
(a) Ewer v. Corbet, 2 P. W. 149,
per Sir J. Jekyll; Humble v. Bill, 2
Vern. 445, per Cur.; Nugent v. Gifford, 1Atk. 464, per Lord Hardwicke;
Mead v .
Orrery, 3 Atk. 242, per
eundem .