CH. VII. S. 2.

*95

UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .

A chattel be limited to A. and his heirs, it will nevertheless
be personal estate, and vest in the executors (g), for to hold
the contrary would shake the first principles of law and confound the great landmarks of property.
So the trust of a
chattel cannot be entailed, as if it be limited to A.
and the heirs of his body, with remainder to B., the
[*95]
absolute interest vests in A., and the remainder to B.
is a nullity (a).
But trusts of terms attendant upon the
inheritance, while they existed, were always excepted from
the rule ; for these, partly to protect the estate from secret
incumbrances, and partly to keep the property in the right
channel (b), were made in equity to follow, as shadows, the
devolution of the freehold (c).

2. Illegitimate children.-Again, a person cannot settle
property upon trust for illegitimate children to be thereafter
born, since this tends to immorality, but the declaration of trust
is void, and the beneficial interest results to the settlor (d).
But illegitimate children born at the date of the settlement

2 Bligh, 209 ; Earl of Kingston v.
Lady Pierepoint, 1 Vern. 5.

(g) Duke of Norfolk's case, 3 Ch .
Ca. 9, 11 ; S. C. 1 Vern. 164, per Lord
Guildford; Hunt v. Baker, 2 Freem .
62; Attorney-General v. Sands, Nels .
133.

(a) Duke of Norfolk's case, 3 Ch.
Ca. 9, 11; Hunt v. Baker,2 Freem.62.

(b) SeeWilloughbyv.Willoughby,
1 T. R. 765.

(c) For the law upon this subject,
see Sugd. Vend. & Purch .

(d) Medworth v.Pope,27Beav. 71 ;
and see Hill v. Crook, 6 L. R. H. L.
265 ; Dorin v. Dorin, 7 L. R. H. L.
568; In re Ayles' Trusts, 1 Ch. D.
282; Wilkinson v. Wilkinson, 1 Y. &
C. Ch. Ca. 657; Pratt v. Matthew, 22
Beav. 328 ; Howarth v. Mills, 2 L. R.
Eq. 389.

The case of Occleston v.
Fullalove, 42 L. J. N. S. Ch . 514, has
since been reversed, 9 L. R. Ch . App.
147; 43 L. J. N. S. Ch. 297 ; and the
law on the subject has, by the decisions
of L.JJ. James and Mellish,
against the opinion of Lord Selborne,
been considerably modified; see and
6 Ired. Eq. 137; Stevens v . Ely, 1 Dev. Eq. 493; as where it is attempted to
create a trust for an alien in real estate when he is forbidden to hold it;
Neilson v. Lagow, 12 How. 107; Anstice v. Brown, 6 Paige, 448; Craig v. Leslie, 3 Wheat. 563; Hubbard v. Goodwin, 3 Leigh, 492; Philips v. Crammond,
2 Wash. C.C. 441; Hamersley v. Lambert, 2 Johns. Ch. 508; Atkins v . Kron,
2 Ired. Eq. 423; or a negro; Dunlop v. Harrison, 14 Gratt. 251; Skrine v.
Walker, 3 Rich. Eq. 262; Graves v. Allan, 13 B. Mon. 190; Leiper v . Hoffman, 26 Miss . 615 ; Osterman v. Baldwin, 6 Wall. 116; an illegitimate child,
born or begotten, may be a cestui que trust ; Gardner v. Heyer, 2 Paige, 11 ;
Collins v. Hoxie, 9 Paige, 81; but not one yet to be begotten, as it would be
against good morals; and a trust will not be enforced if the consideration is
immoral or against public policy; Battinger v. Budenbecker, 63 Barb. 404 ;
Ownes v. Ownes, 8 C. E. Green, 60 ; Urket v. Coryell, 5 Watts & S. 61 .