*167
PURCHASES IN NAMES OF STRANGERS .
[Сн. IX. S. 2.
now in force, although no notice of a trust is allowed on the
register, equities may be enforced against the registered
owners of ships or shares of ships in the same manner as
they may be enforced in respect of any other personal property (f), * and it follows that if a ship be
purchased by A. in the name of a stranger, there will
be a resulting trust in favour of A.]
8. Resulting trusts under papistry acts.
While the papistry
laws were in force, if A., a papist, had purchased an estate in
the name of B., the Court could not have presumed a resulting trust to A., which as soon as raised, would have become
forfeitable to the State (a) .
9. In purchases for giving votes.-And so if a purchaser
take a conveyance in the name of another, with a view of
giving him a vote for a member of parliament, he cannot
afterwards claim the beneficial ownership, for the operation
of such a right would render the original purchase fraudulent (b) .
[10. Patents, designs and trade marks. — Under the Patents, Designs and Trade Marks Act, 1883, no notice of any
trust is allowed on the register, and the registered proprietor
of a patent, copyright in a design, or trade mark, as the case
may be, is empowered (subject to any rights appearing from
the register to be vested in any other person) absolutely to
assign, grant licences as to, or otherwise deal with, the same,
and to give effectual receipts for any consideration for such
assignment, licence, or dealing. But any equities in respect
of such patent, design, or trade mark may be enforced in like
manner as in respect of any other personal property (c) .]
11.
Parol evidence as regards Statute of Frauds . -As the
Statute of Frauds (d) extends to creations or declarations of
trusts by parties only, and does not affect, indeed expressly
excepts, trusts arising by operation or construction of law, it
is competent for the real purchaser to prove his payment of
[(f) See 17 & 18 Vict. c. 104, ss.
37, et seq.; 25 & 26 Vict. c. 63, s. 3;
and see Chasteauneuf v. Capeyron, 7
App. Cas . 127.]
(a) See Redington v. Redington,
3Ridge. 184.
(b) Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & J.
163, see 172, 173.
[(c) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 57, ss. 85, 87.]
(d) 29 Car. 2, с. 3.
230