*557

TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
[CH. XXII
powers being rendered necessary to sub-sect. (2), to allow
the powers under the settlement to be exercised (b) .
10. Powers of tenant for life absolute. - But
in exercising them he
is
in position
of a trustee. -One of the objects of the Act doubtless was to give the tenant for life, in his uncontrolled discretion, large and absolute powers of
dealing with and disposing of the settled land, without requiring him to procure the consent of any person interested
in remainder, or making him responsible to any one for the
exercise of his discretion; subject only to this, that by sect.
53 the tenant for life, in exercising any power under the
Act, is to have regard to the interests of all parties entitled
under the settlement, and is, in relation to the exercise
thereof by him, to be deemed in the position, and to have
the duties and liabilities, of a trustee for those parties.
In one case, Pearson, J., even said, " there is nothing in
the Act to enable the Court to restrain the tenant for life
from selling, whether he desires to sell because he is in debt
and wishes to increase his income, or whether, without being
in debt, he thinks he can increase his income, or
[*557] whether he desires to sell from mere * unwillingness
to take the trouble involved in the management of
landed property ; or whether he acts from worse motives, as
from mere caprice or whim, or because he is desirous of
doing that which he knows would be very disagreeable to
those who expect to succeed him at his death.
There is not,
so far as I can see, any power, either in the Court or in
trustees, to interfere with his power of sale " (a).
But this
seems to go too far, and not to give due effect to the provisions of sect. 53, under which the tenant for life is, in relation to the exercise of the powers of the Act, made a
trustee for all parties interested, and must, it is conceived,
in the exercise of his discretion, be subject to the same rules
(b) As to the effect of the restriction in sub-sect. (2), on the powers of
trustees , see chap. XXIII . s. 2, v.; and
see Re Duke of Newcastle's Estates,
24 Ch. D. 129 ; Re Chaytor's Settled
Estate Act, 25 Ch. D. 651 ; Re BarrsHaden's Settled Estates, W. N. 1883,
p. 188.
(a) Wheelwright r. Walker, 23
Ch. D. 752 ; Re Chaytor's
Settled
Estate Act, 25 Ch. D. 651 ; and see
Thomas v. Williams, 24 Ch. D. 558.
754