*292

**GETTING IN THE TRUST ESTATE.**

[CH. XIV. S. 1.]

**Administration (f).**
The executor to do? or must he put it out on fresh securities?
On the original securities he had the testator's confidence for his sanction, but on any new securities it will be at his own peril " (g).
But the trustee should ascertain that there is no reason to suspect the goodness of the security (h); and if it be not adequate, it is the duty of the trustee to insist on its being paid, though by the terms of the settlement every investment or change of investment is to be with the consent of the tenant for life who refuses, for nothing will justify conduct that puts the trust fund in danger (i).

" For what," said Lord Thurlow, " is
must the money lie dead in his hands,

**7. How money to be received by trustees.-When**
[*292] the property is reduced into possession by actual *payment, [and the circumstances of the case are such as
render it impracticable or highly inconvenient for both trustees to be present at the payment of the money (a), while
both must join in signing the receipt, it is conceived that the
money may be paid for the time to one without responsibility on the part of the other.
In a recent case, however (b), Kay, J. expressed the opinion that it would be a
breach of trust on the part of a trustee to allow his cotrustee to receive the trust money.
But the early authorities
on the point do not seem to have been considered, and it is
conceived that the rule which was previously established (c),
that a trustee joining in a receipt merely for the sake of conformity without actually receiving
the trustmoney was founded on necessity, and
that as at the present day, through
increased means of communication
and locomotion and the facilities of
passing money through banks, trustees can in most cases at very slight
expense avoid the risk of putting the
trust fund in danger.

(f) Orr v. Newton, 2 Cox, 274;
and see Howe v. Earl of Dartmouth,
7 Ves . 150.
(g) Orr v. Newton, 2 Cox, 276.
(h) See Ames
v.
Parkinson, 7
Beav. 384.
(i) Harrison v. Thexton, 4 Jur.
N. S. 550.

[(a) If money be laid down on a
table in the presence of all the trustees, that is a payment to all of them,
and if one of them be commissioned
by the others to take it to the bank,
that is an act subsequent to the receipt of the money with which the
person paying the money is not concerned; per Kay, J.
Re Flower and
Metropolitan Board of Works, 27 Ch.
D. 592, 599.]

[(b) Re Flower and Metropolitan
Board of Works, 27 Ch. D. 592.]

[(c) See ante, p. 264; and the
cases there cited note (b).
It must
however be borne in mind that the
rule allowing a trustee to sign a receipt for the sake of conformity without actually receiving
the trustmoney was founded on necessity, and
that as at the present day, through
increased means of communication
and locomotion and the facilities of
passing money through banks, trustees can in most cases at very slight
expense avoid the risk of putting the
trust fund in danger.