CH. XVIII . S. 2.

*459

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .

death the surviving executor contracted for the sale of the estate. The Vice-Chancellor of England held that, after so long
a lapse of time from the testator's death, the purchaser
had a right to ask if * the debts had been paid, and if [*459]
he received no answer, it amounted to notice that they
had been paid, and he must see to the application of his purchase-money.
The V. C. observed, " When the objection is
made by the purchaser that the executors cannot make a
good title because all the debts have been paid, if the question
is put by him simply, are there or are there not any debts remaining unpaid, he has a right to an answer " (a) .
And on a subsequent day he observed, " Here the purchaser has asked
the executor whether any of the testator's debts were unpaid
at the date of the contract, and the executor refused to give
him an answer.
Under these circumstances, if it should turn
out that all debts were paid, I should hold that the purchaser
had notice of that fact, and that he was bound to see that his
purchase-money was properly applied" (b) .
It is evident that this doctrine was not in accordance with
former decisions, and the cause was carried upon appeal to the
Lord Chancellor, when the decision below was reversed (c) .
Lord Lyndhurst said, " If the purchaser had notice that the
vendor intended to commit a breach of trust, and was selling
the estate for that purpose, he would, by purchasing under
such circumstances, be concurring in the breach of trust, and
(a) 12 Sim. 537; see
Sabin v.
Heape, 27 Beav. 553.
In the case of
A. Solomon, vendor, and F. Davey,
purchaser, under the 9th section of
37 & 38 Vict. c. 78, V. C. Hall decided
that the vendor was bound to answer
the purchaser's inquiry " whether the
vendor is or her solicitors are aware
of any judgments, settlements , mortgages, charges, or incumbrances of
any description affecting the property
not disclosed by the abstract of the
vendor's title."
But the V. C. added
that he " must not be considered as
altogether approving of the requisition being made in the form abovementioned.
The answer might lead
to the disclosure of what the purchaser would rather not know.
The
requisition
should, he thought, be
added to, thus, ' and which, if remaining undisclosed might prejudicially
affect the purchaser, " March, 1875.
[But this view has since been overruled by the Court of Appeal in the
case of Re Ford and Hill, 10 Ch. D.
365, where it was held that the purchaser was not entitled to make any
such requisition at all.]
(6) 12 Sim. 542 .
(c) 1 Ph. 717; see Stroughill v.
Anstey, 1 De G. M. & G. 653 ; Mather
v. Norton, 16 Jur. 309; [Re Tanqueray-Willaume and Landau, 20 Ch. D.
465.]