CH. XVII . S. 3.

*414

should not be raised in this manner.
If there be nothing
more than a limitation to the parent for life, with a (reversionary) term to raise portions at the age of twenty-one or
marriage, and the interests are vested and the contingencies
have happened at which the portions are to be paid, the interest is payable and the portions must be raised, in the only
manner in which they can be raised, that is, by mortgage or
sale of the reversionary term" (a) .

3. In Codrington v. Foley the term for raising the portions
was reversionary upon another term, the trusts of which were
unsatisfied : but in the case of Smyth v. Foley (b) it was
reversionary upon the life estate of the father, and yet the
same result followed.

Smyth v. Foley .
Thus an estate was limited by settlement upon marriage to R. Chambers for life, remainder to
M. E. his wife for life in bar of dower, remainder to trustees
for 500 years, remainder to the first and other sons successively in tail, and the trusts of the term were declared to be
by sale or mortgage or other means to raise 4,000l. for the
younger children, the portions " to be paid " at their respective ages of twenty-one years, and of daughters at those ages
or marriage ; and upon further trust " until the same portions should become payable as aforesaid, to raise a competent yearly sum out of the rents and profits," for maintenance
and education, with a power " after the decease of Richard
Chambers, or in his lifetime with his consent," to raise
moneys for advancement.
There were six children of the
marriage, three sons and three daughters, all of whom attained twenty-one.
After the death of M. E. Chambers the
wife, but in the lifetime of R. Chambers, the younger children filed their bill to have the 4,000l. raised.
Baron Alderson in giving judgment laid down the following rules : That
First, where a term is limited in remainder to commence in
possession after the death of the father, yet if the trust is to
raise a portion payable at a fixed period, the child shall not
wait for the death of the father before the portion is raised,
but at the fixed period may compel a sale of the term (c) .

(a) 6 Ves . 379.
(b) 3 Y. & C. 142.
(c) Sandys v . Sandys, 1 P. W.707 ;
Hellier v . Jones, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 337;