CH . XVII . S. 2.

*411

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .
and a sum paid by the trustees for his outfit ;
the two
daughters attained twenty-one and received their portions.
The son died under age before the trustee had named any
day for payment of his portion.
It was ruled that the son's
portion was not to be raised, as he had not lived to want it ;
but it was " agreed that all the children were to be maintained out of the trust estate, they having no maintenance in
the meantime, and what had been employed for putting out
the younger son was to come out of the trust estate ."

* In Staniforth v. Staniforth (a) an estate was set- [*411]
tled on the father and mother successively for life,
with remainder in default of issue male to trustees for a term
of five hundred years in trust to raise 1,000l. for the daughters' portions, but no time was appointed for payment.
The
father died without issue male, leaving a daughter who filed
her bill, living the mother, to have the 1,000l. raised.
The
M. R. held : 1. That by the failure of issue male the term
had arisen, though not to take effect in possession until the
death of the mother.
2. That the portion vested in the
daughter in the lifetime of the mother (the daughter it is
presumed having attained twenty-one) ; and 3. That no
time being appointed for the payment of any portion, nor
any maintenance in the meantime, she was entitled to a reasonable maintenance not exceeding the interest of the portion
from the death of the father, or at the least from such time as
the portion might have been raised by sale.

Beal v. Beal (b) was this : An estate was settled on the
father and mother successively for life, with remainder to the
father's brother in tail, &c., and a power to charge portions
was limited to the father.
He appointed the sum of 2,000l.
for his two daughters, payable at eighteen or marriage, but
without saying after the death of his wife, and then died.
The two daughters, who were under eighteen, filed their bill
in the lifetime of the mother, to have interest for their portions until raisable. Lord Harcourt decreed that they should
have interest at 3 per cent. until they were twelve years old,
and then 4 per cent. until the portions were raisable.

(a) 2 Vern. 460.
(b) Pr. Ch. 405.