SIXTEENTH SECTION.
LIABILITY OF TRUSTEES .
85. Trustees lending should not employ the same solicitor as
the borrower.-In laying out trust monies, trustees would
do well not to employ the solicitor who acts for the borrower.
Besides the inconveniences that arise from the doctrine of
implied notice, there is in this case such a conflict of duties
on the part of the solicitor, that he cannot adequately represent the interests of both lender and borrower (f) .
SECTION V.
LIABILITY OF TRUSTEES TO PAYMENT OF
INTEREST .
1. General laches.- It may be stated as a general rule,
that if a trustee be guilty of any unreasonable delay in
investing the fund or transferring it to the hand destined to
receive it, he will be answerable to the cestui que trust for
interest during the period of his laches ; and a trustee has
been decreed to pay interest even where it was not prayed
by the bill (a) ; and in a suit establishing laches, will be
decreed to pay personally the costs up to the hearing of a
suit arising out of the laches (b).1

(f) See Waring v. Waring, 3 Ir.
Ch. Rep. 331 .
(a) Woodhead v. Marriott, C. P.
Coop. Cases, 1837-38, 62 ; Turner v.
Turner, 1 J. & W. 39 ;
Stafford v.
Fiddon, 23 Beav. 286 ; Hollingsworth
v. Shakeshaft, 14 Beav. 492; Chugg
v. Chugg, W. N. 1874, p. 185.

But
the court is not in the habit of giving
interest on what may be found due
for arrears of income,Blogg v. Johnson, 2 L. R. Ch. App. 225.
(b) Ticknor v. Smith, 3 Sm. & G.
42.

1 Interest.- An executor is not usually chargeable with interest for the
first year: beyond that interest will be required, and the principal too, if lost;
Minuse v. Cox, 5 Johns. Ch. 441; Carter v. Cutting, 5 Munf. 224 ; if the executor receives interest during the first year he must account for it; Wyman
v. Hubbard, 13 Mass. 232; Stearns v . Brown, 1 Pick. 530; Lund v. Lund, 41
N. H. 359 ; Chambers v. Kerns, 6 Jones Eq. 280.

If a trustee neglects to invest trust funds, uses them as his own, or fails to
distribute them within a reasonable time, he will be liable for the legal rate of
simple interest; Wistar's App. 54 Pa. St. 60 ; Duffy v. Duncan, 35 N. Y. 187 ;
Mumford v. Murray,6 Johns . Ch. 1 ; Hess's Est. 69 Pa. St. 272 ; Owen v. Peebles,
42 Ala. 338 ; Kerr v. Laird, 27 Miss. 544; Nelson v. Bank, 27Md. 53; Wright
v. Wright, 2 McCord Ch. 185 ; Knowlton v. Bradley, 17 N. H. 458.

The trustees can make no gain from the trust funds, and if they receive a high rate
of interest they must account for it all; Martin v. Raborn, 42 Ala. 648;
Barney v. Saunders, 16 How. 543; if the trustee has not kept a clear account
he will be chargeable with the legal rate; Rapalje v. Hall, 1 Sandf. Ch. 339 ;
468