CH. XXIII . S. 2.]
SPECIAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*599
I. Of the different kinds of powers.
1. Powers legal and equitable distinguished.-In applying
the doctrine of powers to the subject of trusts it maybe
useful to regard powers as either legal or equitable : the
former, such as operate upon the legal estate, and so are
matter of cognizance in Courts of common law; the latter,
such as affect the equitable interest only, and so fall exclusively under the notice of Courts of equity.
Thus, if lands
be limited to the use of A. for life, remainder to B. and his
heirs, and a power operating under the Statute of Uses be
given to C., the execution of the power works a conveyance
of the legal estate ; but if lands be limited to the use of A.
and his heirs upon trust for B. for life, and after his death
for C. and his heirs, and a power not operating under the
Statute of Uses be given either to the trustee or to the
cestui que trust, the execution of such a power will have no
effect at law, but will merely serve to transfer the beneficial
interest in equity, and may therefore be designated by the
name of an equitable power.
2. Equitable powers, whether
annexed
to
the
estate
or
simply collateral.- An equitable, the same as a legal power,
may be either annexed to the estate or be simply collateral ;
but whether it shall be taken as the one or the other
will depend on the question, whether * the donee of [*599]
the power be possessed of the equitable, that is, of
the beneficial interest or not.
Thus, where a testator devised
execute a trust the courts will do it; Ferre v . American Board, 53 Vt. 171;
but this does not apply to purely discretionary powers ; Eldredge v. Heard,
106 Mass . 582 ; Smith 2. Wildman, 37 Conn. 384 ; Littlefield v . Cole, 33 Me.
552; Mason v. Mason, 4 Sandf. Ch. 623 ; except in special cases ; Pulpress v.
African Church, 48 Pa. St. 210 ;
a trustee may exercise a discretionary
power, though he has agreed upon his conduct with the settlor ; Library Co.
v . Williams , 73 Pa. St. 249.
Apower is terminated when it becomes impossible to execute it ; Hetzel v.
Barber, 69 N. Y. 1 .
As to what will be considered an execution of a power, see Hamilton v .
Crosby, 32 Conn . 342 ; Bingham's App. 64 Pa. St. 350 ; Amory v. Meredith, 7
Allen, 397 ; Collier's Will, 40 Mo. 287 ; Clark r. Hornthal, 47 Miss. 434.
If a power is a condition precedent, as the right to assent to a marriage,
everything else will await and depend upon its execution ; Taylor v . Mason, 9
Wheat. 350; Hawkins v. Skeggs, 10 Humph. 31 ;
Phillips v. Modbury, 7
Conn. 568.