*159
[CH. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
[*159] case the void legacy would have resulted to * the
heir, and not have been included in the residuary
clause. Now, by the late Wills Act, a residuary devise,
unless a contrary intention appear by the will, is made to
sweep every interest undisposed of in real estate, as a residuary bequest already did in respect of personal estate (a) .
Construction of " personal estate " as applicable to proceeds
from sale of real estate.- If a testator direct his lands to be
sold, and afterwards add a general bequest of all his personal
estate (b), or appoint a person residuary executor (c), any part
of the proceeds of the sale that is undisposed of will not
form part of the residuary fund in the first case, or pass to
the residuary executor in the second ; for nothing, properly
speaking, is a testator's "personal estate," but what possesses
that character at the moment of his decease (d) .
" Personal estate " in certain cases may pass such proceeds.But the intention of converting the property absolutely by
the sale, so as to make the proceeds undisposed of by the
will pass by the description of the testator's " personal estate,"
may be collected from a will specially worded (e); and the
blending of the real and personal estate into one fund will
be regarded as a circumstance in some degree indicative of
such an intention (f), and this of course will be the case,
where the testator expressly directs the proceeds to be considered as part of his personalty (g) .
Watson v. Earl of Lincoln, Amb. 325;
Oke v . Heath, 1 Ves. 141, per Lord
Hardwicke ; Cambridge v. Rous, 8
Ves . 25, per Sir W. Grant ; Doe v.
Underdown, Willes, 293.
But see
Page v. Leapingwell, 18 Ves . 463 ;
but it does not appear that the heir
was a party, and the question was
not discussed.
(a) 1 Vict. c. 26, s. 25.
(b) Maugham v. Mason, 1 V. & Β.
410; Smith v. Harding, W. N. 1874,
p. 101; and see Gibbs v. Rumsey, 2
V. & Β. 294.
(c) Berry v . Usher, 11 Ves. 87.
(d) See Maugham v . Mason, 1 V. &
B. 416 .
(e) Mallabar v. Mallabar, Cas. t.
Talb . 78 ; Brown v. Bigg, 7 Ves . 279;
Court v. Buckland, 1 Ch . D. 605;
Durour v . Motteux, 1 Ves. 321.
(See
Motteux's will correctly stated, Jones
v. Mitchell, 1 S. & S. 292, note (d).
See Observations on Mallabar v. Mallabar, and Durour v.
Motteux,
in
Maugham v . Mason, 1 V. & Β. 416.)
(f) Compare Durour v. Motteux, 1
Ves . 321 , with Maugham v. Mason,
1 V. & Β. 417; Hutcheson v. Hammond, 3 B. C. C. 148, per Lord Thurlow; but see Berry v. Usher, 11 Ves.
87 .
(g) Kidney v. Coussmaker, 1 Ves .
jun. 436; and see Field v. Peckett,
(No. 1), 29 Beav. 568, and Lowes v.
Hackward, 18 Ves. 171.
In Collins
220