CH . XVII . S. 1.

*395

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .
dren, or leaving such they should all die under twenty-one,
then to pay any sum not exceeding 3,000l. as Elizabeth
should appoint.
But in case Elizabeth survived Peter then
in trust for Elizabeth for life, and after the decease of the
survivor in case there should happen to be any child or
children of their two bodies living, who should attain twenty-one, then in trust for such child or children attaining
twenty-one as Elizabeth should appoint, or in default as
Peter should appoint, and in default among such children
equally.
Peter died leaving Elizabeth his widow and two
children, John and Mary.
Elizabeth appointed the fund
between John and Mary, and then John having attained
twenty-one died in the lifetime of his mother, and then
Elizabeth died leaving Mary her only child.
The question
was whether Mary, as the only child who survived her
mother, was not absolutely entitled to the whole fund, to the
exclusion of John who had died in her lifetime.
W. Grant observed, " If the settlement clearly * and [*395]
unequivocally makes the right of a child to a provision depend upon its surviving both or either of the parents,
a Court of Equity has no authority to control that disposition.
If the settlement is incorrectly or ambiguously expressed, if it contains conflicting and contradictory clauses,
so as to leave in a degree uncertain the period at which, or
the contingency upon which, the shares are to vest, the
Court leans strongly towards the construction which gives
a vested interest to the child, when that child stands in need
of a provision, usually as to sons at the age of twenty-one,
and as to daughters at that age or marriage."
And after
commenting upon the various clauses contained in the settlement he came to the conclusion that John was entitled to
the share appointed to him.
So in Swallow v. Binns (a), Nathaniel Binns made a
voluntary settlement by which a trust fund was limited to
himself for life, with remainder to his son George Binns for
life, and after his decease in trust " for all and every of the
children of the said George Binns, which might be living at
(a) 1 K. & J. 417.
539