*503
[Сн. ХІХ.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE .
[*503] whelming proportion of the value, * for it cannot be
supposed that the trustees were meant to purchase
land without trees upon it.
13. Mines .
Trustees again should not purchase mines ;
for if the mines be open, the tenant for life might exhaust
them, and leave nothing to the remainderman; and if not
open, the tenant for life, if impeachable for waste, would get
nothing and the remainderman would take the whole (a) .
But under special circumstances the Court has sanctioned the
purchase of mines (b) .
14. Advowsons.
Advowsons again would be very undesirable as a purchase, for though the advowson or any particular presentation (before a vacancy) might be sold, there
would be no annual or regular fruit.
The remainderman,
after the tenant for life's death, might sell the advowson and
get back all he was entitled to ; but in the meantime the
tenant for life would be reaping no benefit.
15. Copyholds for lives.
Copyholds for lives, if customarily renewable, might substantially be equal to freeholds,
but they would not fall within the terms of a trust to purchase estates of inheritance (c) .
16. Trustees buying from one of themselves .
Trustees
having a trust or power to purchase must exercise a joint
discretion as to the propriety of the purchase, and, therefore,
as no man can be judge in his own case, they are precluded
from buying from one of themselves.
If such a purchase be
really desirable, it might be carried out by a friendly suit
for obtaining the sanction of the Court.
17. Consent of tenant for life .
A trust or power to purchase is sometimes accompanied with a condition that it
shall be with the consent of the tenant for life.
In such a
case, if the tenant for life is impeachable for waste in respect
of timber, he may cut and sell ripe timber and will be entitled to one-fourth of
the proceeds .]
[(a) But see now 45 & 46 Vict. c.
38, ss . 6-11, under which the tenant
for life whether impeachable for waste
or not may grant mining leases and
will be entitled to one-fourth or threefourths of the mineral rents as the
casemaybe.]
(b) Bellot v . Littler, W. Ν. 1874,
p. 156.
(c) Trench r. Harrison, 17 Sim. 111 .
N. B.
The words " of inheritance "
in the marginal note, do not occur in
the statement of the settlement in the
body of the Report, but seem to be
implied.
680