TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS.

*519

First. What debts are within the scope of the trust.
1. Debts to be paid are prima facie those at date of deed or death of testator.- If the trust be created by deed, then, unless a contrary intention be expressed, the debts only at the date of the deed will be intended (a) ; but if the provision be contained in a will, the direction will include all debts at the testator's death ; unless he specially restrict his meaning to the debts at the making of his will (b) .
2. "Debts affecting the estate."- Where a settlor by deed conveyed all his real and personal property upon trust to pay "all debts then owing by him, and which affected the estates thereby conveyed;" the trust, as the settlor had no judgment debts at the time, was extended to bond debts, but not to simple contract debts (c) .
But this distinction was taken upon a deed dated before the Acts making real estates assets for payment of simple contract debts.
(a) Purefoy v. Purefoy, 1Vern . 28.
(b) Loddington v. Kime, 3 Lev.433.
(c) Douglas v. Allen, 1 Conn . & Laws. 367; 2 Dru. & War. 213.

If creditors acquiesce in a trust in a will, so directing, the executors will become trustees to settle the estate ; Bank of U.S. v. Beverly, 1 How. 134; Gardner v. Gardner, 3 Mason, 178.
Payment from personalty shall be first made, and this includes the cancelling of any mortgages existing on the realty ; Hewes v. Dehon, 3 Gray, 205 ; Seaver v. Lewis, 14 Mass . 83 ; Adams v. Brackett, 5 Met. 280; Schermerhorn v. Barhydt, 9 Paige, 29 ; Hancock v. Minot, 8 Pick. 29 ; Marsh v. Marsh, 10 B. Mon. 360; Leavitt v. Wooster, 14 N. H. 551.
If, however, real estate is purchased subject to a mortgage, it will not be paid off unless a clear intention appears ; Cumberland v. Codrington, 3 Johns . Ch. 229 ; Andrews v. Bishop, 5 Allen, 490.
If personal property is insufficient any real estate specially indicated by the testator for the payment of debts, will come next, as there is a difference between a general and a special charge for debts ; Martin v. Fry, 17 Serg. & R. 426.
Then came lands naturally going to heirs, no indication having been expressed regarding its disposition; Livingston v. Livingston, 3 Johns . Ch. 148; Commonwealth v. Shelby, 13 Serg. & R. 348; Robards v. Wortham, 2 Dev . Eq. 173.
Finally, if necessary, debts will be paid out of specifically devised realty ; Ruston v. Ruston, 2 Yeates, 54; Chase v. Lockerman, 11 G. & J. 186.
No deviation from this will be made unless it is the manifest, if not the express, intention of the testator; Plimpton v. Fuller, 11 Allen, 140; Livingston v. Newkirk, 3 Johns. Ch . 312; Stroud v. Barnett, 3 Dana, 394; Blaney v. Blaney 1 Cush . 107.