CH. XVIII. S. 2.

*483 EXECUTORS' RECEIPTS .
an agent is bound to accept as correct the *trus- [*483]
tees' statement as to the intended application of the
fund (a) .

But an agent who derives a personal benefit
from the breach of trust of his principal will be accountable (b) .

η. Sale before probate.- Though an executor can make an
assignment and give a receipt for purchase-money before
probate, yet a purchaser is not bound to pay his purchasemoney before probate, which is the evidence of the executor's title (c) .

If a person indebted
[32. Payment by order of executor.
to a testator's estate pays a third party by order of the executor and obtains the executor's receipt without notice that
the payment is wrongfully made, he thereby obtains a complete discharge (d) .]

33. Who may impeach the sale.
Wherever, as in the several cases mentioned, there is suspicion of fraud, the transaction may be impeached by creditors (e), or specific (f) ,
residuary (g) , or even pecuniary legatees (h) .

Effect of time.-But in no case will the Court grant rea
customer, or refuse to honour his draft
on any other ground than some sufficient one resulting from the act of
the customer himself, and that if abanker
became
incidentally aware
that a
trustee, his customer, meditated
breach of trust, and drew a cheque for
that purpose, the banker had no right
to refuse payment of the cheque, as
this would be making himself party
to an inquiry as between his customer
and third persons .
But that if a
trustee being indebted to a banker,
applied part of the trust estate in the
banker's hands to the payment of the
debt, the banker became particeps
criminis, and was
answerable.
Ib.
p. 14.

It would seem, therefore, that,
in Lord Westbury's opinion, if the
trustee did not himself confess the
breach of trust, the banker could not
refuse payment on evidence aliunde
that a breach of trust was intended;
and see Barnes v. Addy, 9 L. R. Ch .
App. 244.

[(a) Rodbard v. Cooke, 25 W. R.
555.]

(b) Pannell v. Hurley, 2 Coll . 241 ;
Bodenham v. Hoskyns, 2 De G. M. &
G. 903;

[Foxton v. Manchester and
Liverpool District Banking Company,
44 L. T. N. S. 406.]

(c) Newton v. Metropolitan Railway Company, 1 Dr. & Sm. 583.

[(d) Ferrier v. Ferrier, 11 L. R.
Ir. 56; and see ante, p. 447.]

(e) Crane v. Drake, 2 Vern. 616 ;
Anon. case cited, Pr. Ch. 434 ; and
see Nugent v. Gifford, 1 Atk. 463;
Mead v . Orrery, 3 Atk . 238.

(f) Humble v. Bill, 2 Vern. 444;
Scott v. Tyler, 2 Dick. 712 .

(g) See Burting v. Stonard, 2 P.
W. 150; Mead v. Orrery, 3 Atk. 235,
see 238 ; M'Leod v. Drummond, 17
Ves . 161, 169.

(h) Hill v. Simpson, 7 Ves. 152 ;
and see M'Leod v. Drummond, 17
Ves. 169.

653