*192

CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .

26. Agent not constructive trustee.- An agent employed by
a trustee is accountable in general to his principal only, and
cannot as a constructive trustee be made responsible to the
cestuis que trust (e) ; [and the directors of a company bound
by a trust will not be personally liable for breaches of trust
committed by the company (f).]
But of course the
rule does * not apply where the agent has taken an [*192]
actively fraudulent part, and so made himself a principal(a) .

27.
Title-deeds.- Under the head of constructive trusts
may be mentioned the case of a settlement left in the hands
of a person taking only a partial benefit under it as a tenant
for life, in which case the other persons interested and claiming
under the same title have a right to the fair use of the document,
and the holder is deemed a trustee for them, and is bound to produce
it at their request (b). And in one case it was ruled that if a person sell part
of his estate and retain the title-deeds, though he may not have given a covenant
for production, he is compellable to produce them as common property to the purchaser (c).
But in Barclay v. Raine (d), Sir J. Leach seems to have doubted whether,
if part be sold and the title-deeds delivered to the purchaser, a future
purchaser from him could be ordered, where there was no
(e) Keane v. Robarts, 4 Mad. 332 ;
see 356, 359 ; Davis v. Spurling, 1 R.
& M. 54; S. C. Taml. 199; Crisp v.
Spranger, Nels. 109 ; Saville v. Tancred, 3 Sw. 141, note; Nickolson v.
Knowles, 5 Mad. 47; Myler v. Fitzpatrick, 6 Mad. 360 ; Fyler v. Fyler,
3 Beav. 550; Maw v. Pearson, 28
Beav . 196; Lockwood v. Abdy, 14
Sim. 437; Archer v. Lavender, 9 I. R.
Eq. 225, per cur.;
[Wilson v. Lord
Bury, 5 Q. B. D. 518 ; Re Spencer, 51
L. J. N. S. Ch. 271 ;] and see Ex parte
Burton, 3 Mont. D. & De G. 364 ; Re
Bunting, 2 Ad. & Ell . 467 ; Williams
v. Williams, 17 Ch. D. 437, where
attention is drawn to the distinction
between notice to raise a constructive
trust, and notice to an actual trustee.
[(f) Wilson v. Lord Bury, 5 Q. B.
D. 518.]
(a) Hardy v. Caley, 33 Beav. 365 ;
Fyler v. Fyler, 3 Beav. 550 ; Portlock
v. Gardner, 1 Hare, 606 ; Ex parte
Woodin, 3 Mont. D. & De G. 399;
Attorney-General v . Corporation of
Leicester, 7 Beav. 176 ; Bodenham v.
Hoskyns, 2De G. M. & G. 903 ; Pannell
v. Hurley, 2 Coll. 241; Alleyne v.
Darcy, 4 Ir. Ch . Rep. 199 ; and see
S. C. 5 Ir. Ch. Rep. 56 ; Bridgman v.
Gill, 24 Beav. 382 ; Archer v. Lavender, 9 I. R. Eq. 220.
(b) Banbury v. Briscoe, 2 Ch. Ca.
42; Harrison v. Coppard, 2 Cox, 318 ;
Shore v . Collett, Coop. 234 ; Davis v.
Dysart, 20 Beav. 405; Curnick v.
Tucker, 17 L. R. Eq. 320.
(c) Fain v. Ayers, 2 S. & S. 533 .
(d) 1 S. & S. 449; see 7 Byth. by
Jarm. 375.