CH. XII . S. 2.]
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
*232
trust?
In Titley v. Wolstenholme (d), where the
settlement contained no power of * appointment of [*232]
new trustees, it was held, that as a conveyance in
the lifetime of the trustee to a stranger would have been a
breach of trust, the word assign could mean only a devisee
taking under a post mortem conveyance, when the personal
confidence in the trustee necessarily ceased; and consequently that the devisees had not only the legal estate ,
but were properly trustees within the scope of the settlor's
intention.
18. Titley v. Wolstenholme, doubted.- This case seems to
have raised some scruple in the mind of V. C. afterwards
L. J. Knight Bruce, for he observed that " What he should
have done if Titley v. Wolstenholme had come before him
he need not say, nor was he sure " (a) .
And the reasoning
upon which Lord Langdale proceeded is not quite conclusive, for the word " assigns " does not necessarily imply
a devise, as it would be satisfied by holding it to refer to a
tenant by the curtesy or dowress, who would be assigns in
law.
However, the case was referred to, without disapprobation, by Lord Cottenham (b), and was approved by V. C.
Stuart (c).
19. Hall v. May.-In Hall v. May (d), V. C. Wood went
further, and held that under a trust containing the word
assigns , and also a power to appoint new trustees, the devisee
could make a title. Itwas conceded that the word " assigns
would not have enabled a trustee to transfer the trust by act
inter vivos, and it could not be disputed that, as the instrument contained a power of appointment of new trustees, the
assigns introduced by virtue of the power would give a
meaning to the word " assigns " without having recourse to
a devise.
It was therefore necessary to lay down a broader
principle than that acted upon in Titley v. Wolstenholme,
and the doctrines upon which the Vice-Chancellor proceeded
(d) 7 Beav. 425.
See Saloway v.
Strawbridge, 1 K. & J. 371 ; 7 De G.
Μ. & G. 594, which however was the
case of a mortgage.
(a) Ockelston v. Heap, 1 De G. &
Sm. 642.
(b) Mortimer v. Ireland, 11 Jur.
721.
(c) Ashton v. Wood, 3 Sm. & G.
436.
(d) 3 K. & J. 585.
319