*616
CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS.
[CH . XXIII. S. 2 .
funds for certain charitable purposes as he might think fit, and
he died without exercising the power by act inter vivos, but by
his will gave definite directions as to the application of the
funds, it was held that the power was duly exercised (a) .]
13. Fraud.- There is sufficient ground for the interference of the Court, wherever the exercise of the discretion
by the trustees is infected with fraud (6), or misbehaviour (c),
or they decline to undertake the duty of exercising the discretion (d) ; or generally where the discretion is mischievously and ruinously exercised, as if a trustee be authorised
to lay out money upon Government, or real or personal
security, and the trust fund is outstanding upon any hazardous security(e).
[But where the course pursued by
the trustees is within the letter of the power, the onus is on the
persons challenging their conduct to show that their discretion has been mischievously, or ruinously, or fraudulently
exercised (f) . ]
14. Powers in case of charity.-And where the trustees of
a charity were empowered to lease for three lives or thirtyone years, the Court expressed an opinion that the discretion
might be controlled, if it appeared for the benefit of the
charity that such a power should not be acted upon (g) .
Cas. 795, 815; Oceanic Steam Navigation Company v. Sutherberry, 16
Ch . D. 236; ] and see Thacker v. Key,
8 L. R. Eq. 408.
[(a) Copinger v. Crehane, 11 I. R.
Eq. 429.]
(b) Attorney-General v. Governors of Harrow School, 2 Ves . 552, per
Lord Hardwicke ; Potter v. Chapman,
Amb. 99, per eundem ; Richardson v.
Chapman, 7 B. P. C. 318 ; French v.
Davidson, 3 Mad. 402, per Sir
J.
Leach; Talbot v. Marshfield, 4 L. R.
Eq. 661; and on appeal, 3 L. R. Ch.
App. 622; Thacker v. Key, 8 L. R.
Eq.408.
(c) Maddison v. Andrew, 1 Ves .
59, per Lord Hardwicke ; AttorneyGeneral v. Glegg, Amb. 585, per eundem; Willis v. Childe,13 Beav. 117;
and see Re Beloved Wilkes's Charity,
3 Mac. & G. 440; and see Byam v.
Byam, 19 Beav. 65.
(d) Gude v. Worthington, 3 De G.
& Sm. 389.
This was apparently the
ground on which the case was decided, but the refusal of the trustees
to act does not sufficiently appear on
the report.
And see
Mortimer v.
Watts, 14 Beav. 622; Re Sanderson's
Trust, 3 K. & J. 497; Prendergast v.
Prendergast, 3 H. L. Cas. 195; Palmer
v. Newell, 25 L. T. N. S. 892 ; Bennett
v. Wyndham, 23 Beav. 528; Gray v.
Gray, 11 Ir. Ch. Rep. 218, 13 Ir. Ch .
Rep.404.
(e) De Manneville v. Crompton, 1
V. & Β. 359; Costello v. O'Rorke, 3
I. R. Eq. 172 ; and see Lee v. Young,
2 Y. & C. С. С. 532.
[(f) Re Brittlebank, 30 W. R. 99.]
(g) Ex parte Berkhampstead Free
School, 2 V. & Β. 138.
832