*275
[Сн. ХІІІ.
LIABILITY OF CO-EXECUTORS .
18. Effect of the indemnity clauses.
[Formerly an express
clause was] inserted in trust-deeds, that one trustee should
not be answerable for the receipts, acts, or defaults of his
co-trustee.
But the proviso, while it informed the trustee of
the general doctrine of the Court, added nothing to his
security against the liabilities of the office.
In Westley v.
Clarke (e) Lord Northington was inclined to attach some
importance to the clause.
But equity infuses such a proviso
into every trust-deed (f), and a person can have no better
right from the expression of that which, if not expressed,
had been virtually implied (g).
It is clear that, in later
cases, the Court has considered it an immaterial circumstance
whether the instrument creating the trust contained such a
proviso or not (h).
And now, by Lord St. Leonards' Act,
every instrument creating a trust shall be deemed to contain
the usual indemnity and re-imbursement clauses, and therefore in future the express introduction of them in deeds and
wills may be safely dispensed with (i) .
19. Special indemnity clause.-A settlor, however, has full
power to abridge the ordinary duties of trustees, and a special
indemnity clause may be so worded as to exempt trustees
from responsibility in respect of acts, which would otherwise
be breaches of trust.
Thus, if a testator declare " that any
trustee who shall pay over to his co-trustee, or shall do or
concur in any act enabling his co-trustee to receive
[*275] any moneys, * shall not be obliged to see to the application thereof; nor shall such trustee be subsequently
rendered responsible by an express notice or intimation of
the actual misapplication of the same moneys," here the
testator has not only appointed joint trustees, but has also
authorized each of them to delegatehis duties to a co-trustee ;
(e) 1 Eden, 360 .
(f) See Dawson v.
Clarke, 18 Ves. 254.
(g) Worrall v . Harford, 8 Ves. 8.
(h) Brice v . Stokes, 11 Ves. 319 ;
Bone v. Cook, M'Clel. 168 ; S. C. 13 Price, 332 ; Hanbury v .
Kirkland, 3 Sim. 265 ; Moyle v. Moyle, 2 R. & M.
710; Sadler v. Hobbs, 2 B. C. C. 114;
Mucklow v . Fuller, Jac. 198; Pride v.
Fooks , 2 Beav.
430;
Williams υ.
Nixon,
2
Beav.
472 ;
Fenwick v.
Greenwell,10 Beav. 418 ; Drosier v.
Brereton, 15 Beav . 221 ; Dix v. Burford, 19 Beav. 4093;
Brumridge v.
Brumridge, 27 Beav. 5; Rehden v.
Wesley, 29 Beav. 213.
(i) 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 31.