RENEWAL OF LEASES .
the remainderman cannot oblige the tenant for life to contribute to the fine (c) ; and so it was determined even where
the devise was expressly made, " subject to the payment of
all fines, and as they became due yearly and for every
year " (d) .
However, as the interest given is in its nature
capable of renewal, the Court says, " If the tenant for life do
renew, he shall not by converting the new acquisition to his
own use derive an unconscientious benefit out of the
estate"(e) ; but on the remainderman's * contributing [*364]
to the fine, shall be regarded as a trustee, and shall
hold the renewed interest upon the trusts of the settlement (a) .
2. Whether a direction to renew be implied by the interposition of a trustee.-Will the interposition of a trustee sufficiently indicate an intention of obliging the tenant for life to
renew ?
" In a devise to trustees," says Lord Hardwicke, “ If
cestui que trust for life be one of the lives, I should doubt
whether such cestui que trust could be compellable to contribute ; but here all these lives were strangers ; the intent of
the testator certainly was, that the lease should continue, and be
kept on foot, and something must be done for a renewal, though
nothing is mentioned " (b) .
Lord Alvanley on one occasion
alluded to the point, but said he was not called upon to
decide it (c) .
In Hulkes v. Barrow (d), where the devise was
to trustees upon trust to permit one to receive the rents for
life, with remainders over, " subject to the payments of the
rents and performance of the covenants reserved and contained, or to be reserved and contained, in the present or future
leases, whereby such premises were or should be held, and
also all taxes, fines, and expenses attending the premises," it
was held that the obligation of renewing the lease was
imposed by the will.
And in Lock v. Lock (e), where a
(c) White v . White, 4 Ves . 32 , per
Lord Alvanley ; S. C. 9 Ves . 561, per
Lord Eldon ; Stone v . Theed, 2 B. C.
C. 248, per Lord Thurlow.
(d) Capel r . Wood, 4 Russ. 500.
(e) Stone v . Theed, 2 B. C. С. 248 ,
per Lord Thurlow .
(a) Nightingale v. Lawson, 1 B. C.
C. 440; Stone v. Theed, 2 B. C. C.
248, per Lord Thurlow ; Coppin v.
Fernyhough , 2 B. C. C. 291 ; Fitzroy
v. Howard, 3 Russ . 225.
(6) Verney v . Verney, 1 Ves . 429.
(c) White v . White, 4 Ves . 33.
(d) Taml. 264.
(e) 2 Vern. 666.
501