*305
[CH. XIV . S. 3.
APPLICATION OF INCOME .
conversion and investment of his personal estate, with a discretion to the trustees as to the time, and the trustees decline
to sell until in event the reversion falls into possession, here
had the reversion been sold at the end of one year from the
testator's death, the tenant for life would have received the
interest of the purchase-money, and the fund therefore, when
it falls into possession, represents the capital with the interim
interest , and the Court, under these circumstances [formerly
gave] the tenant for life out of the capital the difference
between the money (actually] received and the value of the
reversion estimated at one year from the testator's death of
the sum in question on the assumption of its being payable
on the day, when, as afterwards happened, it actually fell
into possession (b).
[But this method of computation has
since been slightly modified, and the true method seems to
be, to ascertain the sum which, put out at interest at 4 per
cent. per annum on the day of the testator's death, and accumulating at compound interest at that rate with yearly rests
and deducting income tax, would, with the accumulations of
interest, amount on the day when the reversion falls in or is
realized to
the sum actually received.
The sum so ascertained represents the corpus, and the difference between that
sum and the sum actually received is income (c).
This
method of computation applies equally to any outstanding
personal estate, the conversion of which the trustees in the
exercise of their discretion postpone for the benefit of the
estate, and which eventually falls in, as for instance a mortgage debt with arrears of interest, or arrears of an annuity
with interest, or moneys payable on a life policy (d) .
13.
Principle
applied to legacies.
Where a reversionary
interest, which was available for the payment of pecuniary
legacies, was retained unsold for many years for the benefit
of the estate, it was held, when the reversion fell in, that the
legatees were entitled to interest on their legacies from the
expiration of one year from the testator's death (e) .]
(b) Wilkinson v. Duncan, 23 Beav .
469;
[Wright v . Lambert, 6 Ch . D.
649.]
[(c) Beavan v. Beavan, 24 Ch . D.
649, n.; Re Earl of Chesterfield's
Trusts, 24 Ch. D. 643; Wright v.
Lambert, 6 Ch . D. 649.]
[(d) Beavan v. Beavan ; Re Earl
of Chesterfield's Trusts, ubi sup.]
[(e) Re Blachford, 27 Ch. D. 676.]