*547
[CH. XXL
LEASES OF CHARITY LANDS .
the founder himself has not otherwise given directions, for
in general the will of the settlor, where explicit, must be
strictly followed; as if the terms of the endowment be that
the charity estates shall be let only for twenty-one years , the
trustees, though satisfied that leases for ninety-nine years
would be more beneficial, could not make such a deviation
from the directions of the trust without the sanction of the
Court.
It was said on one occasion, with reference to such
variations from the founder's intention, that the Court itself
could not give a good title to the lessee, but that it required
the authority of an Act of Parliament (c).
It is plain, however, that there is a wide distinction between a deviation
from the founder's intention as to the objects of the charity,
and a deviation from the directions as to management, which
were no doubt originally meant to be governed by circumstances .
[*547]
60. Improvements by lessees.- When there has been no
actual fraud, and the lessee or assignee of the lease is ejected
after having laid out money in the permanent improvement
of the property, the Court will direct an inquiry to what
extent the charity estate has been benefited, and will allow the
holder of the lease the amount of the benefit found (d) .
* 61. Late Acts.-By the Charitable Trusts Acts
the Commissioners of Charities are empowered to
authorise the grant by charity trustees of building, repairing,
improving, mining or other leases (a), and the trustees are
restricted from granting without the sanction of the Commissioners " any lease in reversion after more than three years of
any existing term, or for any term of life, or in consideration
wholly or in part of any fine, or for any term of years exceeding twenty-one years " (b).
[62. Agricultural Holdings Act.-The powers conferred by
the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883, on a landowner,
are subject to the provisions of that Act, and the trustees are
required to act in accordance with its terms (c).