*443
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
sell in that character, that the purchaser may not say he was
led to suppose from the advertisements of sale, that the
vendors were the beneficial proprietors, and that the contract
must, therefore, draw with it the usual incidents, and that
the purchaser ought to have the benefit of the ordinary
covenants .
If the trust for sale is to be exercised with the
consent [or at the request] of the tenant for life who joins in a
sale, he must enter into the usual covenants for title (a) .
53. Mortagees' covenants.
Mortgagees with a power of sale
are regarded as trustees, and covenant only against their
own acts (b) .
To the extent of their mortgage money they
are beneficially interested, not however as owners of the
estate, but only as incumbrancers entitled to a charge.
[54. By the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act,
1881, s. 7, where, in any conveyance made after the 31st
December, 1881, any person conveys, and is expressed to
convey, as trustee or mortgagee, or as personal representative of a deceased person, or as committee of a lunatic so
found by inquisition, or under an order of the Court, a covenant against incumbrances by such person in the form stated
in the Act is to be deemed to be included in the conveyance,
and is by virtue of the Act to be implied, but such covenant
is not to be implied unless the person so conveying is in the
conveyance expressed to convey in one of the above capacities.
The benefit of the covenant so implied is to be annexed to
and go with the estate of the implied covenantee. A covenant so implied may be varied or extended by deed.]
[*443]
*
55. Attested copies and covenant for production.- It was
laid down by Lord Eldon, that assignees of bankrupts
were bound, in case they could not deliver up the
title deeds, to furnish the purchaser with attested
copies and to covenant for production of the originals, the
covenant to be confined to the period during which the
latter case the V. C. added that if the
lease were a beneficial lease claimed
by the executors, that would be adifferent case, and they must enter into
full covenants (p. 580; and see Staines
v. Morris, 1 V. & Β. 12.
(a) Earl Poulett v. Hood, 5 L. R.
Eq. 115 ;
[Re Sawyer and Baring's
Contract, 53 L. J. N. S. Ch . 1104 ; 33
W. R. 26.]
edit.(b) Sugd. Vend. & Pur. p. 61, 11th
602