*20

[Сн. ІІ.
THE DIFFERENT KINDS OF TRUSTS .
where lands are limited to trustees with an authority to
grant leases, or stock is transferred to trustees with a power
of varying the securities; for in such cases the power forms
no integral part of the trust, but is merely collateral and
subsidiary, and the execution of it, in the absence of fraud,
cannot be compelled by application to the Court.
4. Trusts lawful and unlawful.
Again, trusts may be
divided, with reference to the object in view, into lawful
and unlawful.1
The former, such as are directed to some
honest purpose (as a trust to pay debts, &c.), which are
called by Lord Bacon Intents or Confidences, and will be
administered by the Court.
The latter are trusts created for
the attainment of some end contravening the policy of the
law, and therefore not to be sanctioned in a forum
[*20]
professing not only justice but * equity, as a trust to
defraud creditors or to defeat a statute .
Such are
designated by Lord Bacon as Frauds, Covins, or Collusions (a) .
5.
Trusts public and private.-Another division of trusts
is into public and private.
By public must be understood
such as are constituted for the benefit either of the public at
large or of some considerable portion of it answering a particular description.
To this class belong all trusts for charitable purposes, and indeed public trusts and charitable trusts
may be considered in general as synonymous expressions (b) .
In private trusts the beneficial interest is vested absolutely
in one or more individuals who are, or within a certain time
may be, definitely ascertained, and to whom, therefore, col•lectively, unless under some legal disability, it is, or within
(a) Bac. on Uses, 9.
(b) SeeAttorney-General v . Aspinall, 2 M. & Cr. 622; Attorney-General
v . Heelis, 2 S. & S. 76; Attorney-General v. Corporation of Shrewsbury, 6
Beav. 220 ; Walker v. Richardson, 2
M. & W. 892 ; Attorney-General v.
Webster, 20 L. R. Eq. 483.
But see
Attorney-General v. Forster, 10 Ves.
344; Attorney-General v. Newcombe,
14 Ves . 1 ; Fearon v. Webb, ib . 19 ;
Dolan v. Macdermot, 5 L. R. Eq. 60
(in which M. R. observed " Public
purposes are such as mending or repairing roads, supplying water, making
or repairing bridges, and are distinguished from charities in the shape
of almsgiving, building almshouses,
founding hospitals, and the like;"
but public purposes, he added, " are
all in a legal sense charities ");
affirmed on appeal, 3 L. R. Ch. App.
677.
1Lewis v. Nelson, 1 McCarter, 94.
22