*391
[CH. XVII . S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
wick v . Doleman to the case, where a grandmother
[*391] having a power over the settled * estate, appointed
has been adopted have arisen on gifts
by parents or persons in loco parentis.
In general the estate passing to the
eldest son has been in the power of
the persons making the provision for
the younger children, and the same
instrument has comprised the estate
and the provision.
Has the rule ever
been applied to portions given by a
stranger, who merely contemplated
the chance of property descending to
the eldest son, as representative of
the family ?”
In Lincoln v . Pelham, 10 Ves. 166,
(and seeBowles v.Bowles, Ib.177) the
circumstances were somewhat similar .
Lady Pelham gave a residuary fund in
trust for Frances Pelham for life, and
after her death for the younger children of the testatrix's late daughter,
Catherine, Duchess of Newcastle. At
the date of the will there were three
children living of Catherine, viz . Lord
Lincoln, Thomas, and John.
Lord
Lincoln died in the testatrix's lifetime, and Thomas contended that as
he was a younger child at the date
of the will, though not at the death
of the testatrix, he was entitled to a
share.
Lord Eldon disallowed the
claim, and considered that the general
description of younger children was
not equivalent to naming the younger
children living at the date of the will,
but meant younger children for the
time being, and added, that "whatever was the principle as to parents
or persons in loco parentis, it had no
application here,forthough the grandmother was
executing a purpose,
which as to
this kind of doctrine
might be considered parental, (the
purpose of providing for the younger
branches, of other persons certainly,
but in a sense her family,) yet she
thought that her daughters were sufficiently provided for, so as to make
it unnecessary to consider them objects of her care," 10 Ves . 174. Here,
again, there was no dispute as to the
effect of the shifting of any estate,
but it was simply a question of construction,
who
were
the
persons
meantby the description of younger
children.
In Scarisbrick v. Lord Skelmersdale, 4 Y. & C. 116, Justice Maule
said, " It
is to be observed that it
is only in cases of provision made
by parents or persons standing loco
parentis, that courts of equity give
this forced construction to the word
'younger.' In cases of gifts by strangers courts of equity, as well as courts
of law, construe the word according
to its literal import, as laid down by
Lord Hardwicke in Hall v. Hewer.
The distinction is founded on the consideration, that in the one case the
party giving or settling
is regarded
as doing an act which he was under a
moral, though not a legal obligation
to perform, whereas in the case of a
giftby a mere stranger, no such obligation exists," &c.
In Sandeman v. Mackenzie, 1 J. &
H. 613, Mrs. Chisholm, a widow with
three children (Alexander, the eldest
who was in possession of the Chisholm estates , subject to his mother's
jointure- Duncan, and Jemima),
married Sir Thomas Ramsay, and by
the settlement made on the marriage,
Sir T. Ramsay settled 10,000/. upon
himself and wife successively for life,
with remainder to the then present
children of Mrs. Chisholm (except
Alexander) equally at twenty-one;
and if none of such younger children
of Mrs. Chisholm should attain twenty-one, then in trust for Alexander.
Sir T. Ramsay died in 1830, andLady
Ramsay in 1859 ; Alexander died in
his mother's lifetime in 1838, and
therefore Duncan came into possession of the Chisholm
estates .
All
the three children attained twentyone. The question was whetherDun534