CH. XIII .]
TRUSTEES NOT TO PROFIT BY THE TRUST.
*278
partnership continues, he must account for a share of the
profits (i) .
But as profits arise not only from capital, but also from * the application of skill and indus- [*278]
try, and other ingredients (a), while in former times
the Court, from the difficulty of taking the account, often
gave interest only (b) ; yet, at the present day, the Court
will direct an account of profits, having regard to the various
ingredients of capital, skill, industry, &c., or will comprise
them under the head of "just allowances" (c) .
8. Traders not partners.
Where the trader stands in no
fiduciary situation, as where he is neither trustee nor executor, nor was the partner of the testator, but trust monies
come to his hands bonâ fide, though with a knowledge of the
trust, that is, of the breach of trust (as where a trustee or
executor lends money without authority to a trader), here
the trader, though answerable for principal and interest, is
not made to account for the extra profits (d).
And if a
person was in fact a partner with the testator but without
knowing it (e) , or has bonâ fide settled the partnership accounts (f) , he will be equally protected as if he had not
been such partner.
And if the terms of the partnership be
that on the death of any partner his share shall be taken by
(i) In Knox v. Gye, 5 L. R. H. L.
656, Lord Westbury denied that any
fiduciary relation existed between the
surviving partner, and the representative of the deceased partner, but
Lord Hatherley was clearly of opinion to the contrary.
See the arguments of these judges pro and con in
the report.
The surviving partner
has, no doubt, larger powers than an
ordinary trustee, for as between him
and third persons he can sign a valid
receipt for an outstanding asset, and
being personally liable for the debts,
hemay be able to give a good title
on sale of the partnership property,
the presumption being that such realization is wanted for payment of
debts; but it seems a strong measure
to lay down, that the surviving partner is not to account for what he
receives after the expiration of six
years from the death of his
copartner.
(a) See Vyse v . Foster, 8 L. R. Ch .
App. 331; affirmed, 7 L. R. H. L. 318.
(b) See the observations in Docker
v. Somes, 2 Μ. & Κ. 662.
(c) Brown v. De Tastet, Jac. 284;
Willett v . Blanford, 1 Hare, 253.
(d) Stroud v. Gwyer, 28 Beav.
130; Townend v. Townend, 1 Giff.
210; Simpson v. Chapman, 4 De G. M.
& G. 154; Macdonald v. Richardson,
1 Giff. 81.
See Flockton v. Bunning,
8 L. R. Ch. App. 323, note (6) .
(e) Brown v. De Tastet, Jac . 284.
(f) Chambers v. Howell, 11 Beav.
6. And in Ex parte Watson, 2 Ves .
& B. 414, Lord Eldon seems to speak
of partners taking with
notice, as
debtors for the money, as if it had
been placed with them by way of
direct loan.
383