*468
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.
[*468] A mortgagee is not bound to see to the application of
the money, and it would seem that the executor is
thus empowered to pass the legal as well as the equitable
estate, for the clause proceeds that " any sale or mortgage
under the Act shall operate only on the estate and interest,
whether legal or equitable, of the testator, and shall not
render it unnecessary to get in any outstanding subsisting
legal estate."
It must not escape notice that the power of
sale is confined to the executor, the person whom the testator himself trusted, and is not extended to an administrator (a) .
8. Charge of debts where the estate lapses.-Should a testator charge his debts on the real estate, and then devise the
estate to A. and his heirs beneficially, and the devisee dies in
the testator's lifetime, so that the estate descends, can the
heir in this case sell and sign receipt?
If the heir cannot
sell where the estate was never devised, but left to descend,
àfortiori he cannot in this case, for here not only the heir
is not invested with the character of trustee under the will,
but the estate, subject to the charge, was devised to another
person, who was therefore intended to execute the implied
trust.
The machinery contemplated by the testator failed
by the act of God, and no alternative remains but that the
trusts should be executed by the Court (b) .
It is presumed
that under these circumstances it could not be held that the
executors have by the will even an equitable power of sale.
The devisee, had he lived, would have been the proper person to execute the trust, and a power of sale cannot belong
or executor for the time being may
exercise the powers of this section,
notwithstanding the will contains an
express direction that the property
shall be sold by the executors, Re
Fisher and Haslett, 13 L. R. Ir. 546.]
[(a) Re Clay and Tetley, 16 Ch.
D. 3.]
(b) But see Hardwick v. Mynd, 1
Anst. 109 ; Austin v. Martin, 29 Beav.
523.
The latter case may possibly
be supported on the ground that the
mortgagee, who had a power of sale
and of signing receipts, was a party
to the conveyance; but the reasoning
of M. R., if correctly reported, is not
satisfactory.
How can it be said, for
instance, that "the whole of the beneficial interest was vested in T. F.
Stephens either in his character of
heir-at-law or in his character of legal
personal representative ? "
What beneficial interest in a testator's freehold
estate can vest in his personal representative?
634