*258

[CH. XIII.
DELEGATION OF THE TRUST.

trustee than to a stranger (f).
Thus, where a sum of money
was given to three executors upon trust to distribute in
charity at their discretion, and the executors assumed each
the independent control of one-third, Lord Hardwicke said,
" I am of opinion the executors could not divide the charity
into three parts, and each executor nominate a third absolutely, because the determination of the property of every
object was left by the testator to the direction of all the
executors "(g) .
14. Transfer of the trust estate does not transfer the power.
Of course if a trustee convey the estate, the mere transfer
of the estate will not have the effect of carrying with it the
trust or power to the grantee (h).
And so if a
[*258] trustee devise the estate, the * devisee cannot administer a discretionary trust unless the original
settlement contemplated such an event, and by vesting the
powers in the trustee and his assigns annexed the powers to
the estate in the hands of the devisee (a) .
15. Delegation distinguished from appointment of a proxy.
It must be noticed that the appointment of an attorney or
proxy is not in all cases a delegation of the trust.
When the
trustee has resolved in his own mind in what manner to
exercise his discretion, he cannot be said to delegate any
part of the confidence if he merely execute the deed by
attorney, or signify his will by proxy.
Thus, in the case
before cited (b) where the trust was to elect and present a
proper clerk to a benefice, Lord Hardwicke had no doubt
that so far as related to the mere act of presentation, the
trustees, having themselves fixed upon the object, might
have signed the presentation by proxy ; " a trustee who had
a legal estate might make an attorney to do legal acts. "
(f) Crewe v. Dicken, 4 Ves . 97 .
(g) Attorney-General
v. Gleg,
1
Atk. 356.
(h) Crewe v. Dicken, 4 Ves. 97,
see 100 ; Doyley v. Attorney-General,
2 Eq . Ca. Ab. 194; Bradford v. Belfield, 2 Sim. 264 ; Cole v. Wade, 16
Ves . 47, per Sir W. Grant ; Kingham
v. Lee, 15 Sim. 400, per Sir L. Shadwell.
(a) Re Burtt's Estate, 1 Drew.
319 ; and see ante, p. 230, 231 ; [but
see Osborne to Rowlett, 13 Ch . D.
774.]
(b) Attorney-General v. Scott, 1
Ves. 413; and see Ex parte Rigby,
19 Ves . 463.