Sect. 562
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
*562
land, under sect. 18 of the Act ; (5). Three-fourths of the
net proceeds of the sale of timber cut under the
powers of sect. 35, where the tenant for life * is [*562]
impeachable for waste in respect of timber ; and (6) .
Money arising from the sale of heirlooms under sect. 37 of
the Act.
Money
arising from other sources.
By sect. 32, where
under an Act incorporating or applying, wholly or in part,
the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts, or under the Settled
Estates Act, 1877, or under any other Act, public, local,
personal, or private, money is at the commencement of the
Act in Court, or is afterwards paid into Court, and is liable
to be laid out in the purchase of land to be made subject to
a settlement, then, in addition to any mode of dealing therewith authorised by the Act under which the money is in
Court, that money may be invested or applied as capital
money arising under the Settled Land Act.
And by sect.
33, where, under a settlement, money is in the hands of
trustees (a) , and is liable to be laid out in the purchase of
land to be made subject to the settlement, then, in addition
to such powers of dealing therewith as trustees have independently of the Act, they may, at the option of the tenant
for life, invest or apply the same as capital money arising
under the Act.
17. Application of capital money.-By sect. 21, capital
money arising under the Act, subject to payment of claims
properly payable thereout, and to application thereof for any
special authorised object for which the same was raised, is
to be invested or applied in one or more of the following
modes :
(1) . In investment on Government securities, or on other
securities on which the trustees of the settlement are by the
settlement or by law (b) authorised to invest trust money
of the settlement, or on the security of the bonds, mortgages,
(a) It has been held in Ireland
that this section does not apply to
money in Court in an administration
action, which has arisen from personal estate given to trustees upon
trust to convert and to invest the proceeds in the purchase of lands to be
settled; Burke v. Gore, 13 L. R. Ir.
367.
(b) As to investments authorised
by law see ante, Chap. xiv. s. 4.
761