CH. XVII. S. 4.

*419

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .

to an absolute disposition, as it enables the mortgagee by
foreclosure to get possession of the estate (a) .
3. Out of income or corpus.
If the portions be raisable by
and out of the rents and profits or by mortgage, here the
words are ambiguous, and are capable of the construction
that the trustees have an option of levying the portions
either out of the income or out of the corpus, and so of
throwing the onus at their discretion either upon the tenant
for life or upon the remainderman (b).
But the Court will
lean strongly against such a construction (c) .
In some
cases the meaning is that the annual rents should be primarily charged, and that the deficit only should be raised out
of the corpus.
Thus where the trustees were to hold an
estate during the minority of the devisee, and to raise portions by and out of the rents and profits or by sale or mortgage,
and on the devisee attaining the age of twenty-one to pay
the rents to him after payment of the portions, the Court
said that as the devisee on attaining twenty-one was to take
such accumulated rents and profits only, as should remain
after satisfying the portions, the testator intended that the
rents and profits should be first applied, and that the balance
only could be raised by sale or mortgage (d) .
[Where the portions were raisable " by mortgaging or
otherwise disposing of the lands, or out of the rents and
profits, or by any other ways or means," and unsuccessful
efforts had been made to raise the portions by mortgage of
the property, it was held that the trustees were at liberty to
apply the rents and profits first in payment of the interest,
and secondly in reduction of the capital of the portions (e) .]
4. Out of rents.
A more common case
is where the
portions are directed to be raised out of the rents and profits
simply, and nothing more is said.
Here if a definite time be
fixed for payment of the portions, the ordinary and primâ
facie meaning of rents and profits is taken to be inconsistent with the direction for payment at a time certain, and

521.

(a) Bennett v. Wyndham, 23 Beav .
(b) See Hall v. Carter, 2 Atk. 354.
(c) See the cases referred to, ante,
(d) Warter v. Hutchinson, 1 S. &
S. 276; and see Okeden v. Okeden, 1
Atk. 550.
[ (e) Balfour v. Cooper, 23 Ch . D.
p. 367.
472.]
569