CH. XII. S. 2. ]
PROPERTIES OF THE LEGAL ESTATE.
*222
dower(6), and in the case of copyhold to freebench (c) ; and
until a late Act the trust estate was liable to forfeiture (d),
and on the decease of the trustee, if there was no heir, it fell
by escheat to the lord (e) ; but by 13 & 14 Vict. c. 60, ss .
15, 46, (substituted for 4 & 5 W. 4, c. 23,) the legal estate of
trust property was protected from forfeiture and escheat (f) .
And by another Act (g), it was enacted that, “ Upon
the death of a bare * trustee, intestate as to any cor- [*222]
poreal or incorporeal hereditament, of which such
trustee was seised in fee simple, such hereditament should
vest, like a chattel real, in the legal personal representative
from time to time of such trustee."
But the Act was not
to apply to lands registered under the same Act.
(b) Noel v . Jevon, Freem. 43; Nash
v. Preston, Cro. Car. 190.
(c) Hinton v . Hinton, 2 Ves . sen.
631, 638 ; Bevant v . Pope, Freem. 71;
and see Brown v. Raindle, 3 Ves . 256.
(d) Pawlett v. Attorney-General,
Hard. 466, per Lord Hale ; Geary v.
Bearcroft, Cart. 67, per Cur.; King
v. Mildmay, 5 B. & Ad. 254.
(e) Jenk. 190, с. 92 .
(f) See infrà.
(g) 38 & 39 Vict. c. 87, s. 48 (repealing 37 & 38 Vict. c. 78, s. 5) .
In
a recent case a discussion arose as to
the meaning of the expression a bare
trustee. V. C. Hall observed, " Where
there is a trustee whose trust is to
convey and the time has arrived for
a conveyance by him, he is , I think, a
bare trustee," and then adverting to Dart's " Vendors and Purchasers," in
which it is laid down, that " a bare
trustee would probably be held to
mean a trustee
to whose
office no
duties were originally attached, or
who, although such duties were originally attached to his office, would on
the requisition of his cestuis que trust,
be compellable in equity to convey
the estate to them or by their direction, and has been requested by them
so to convey it," the V. C. approved
of the statement, save only that the
words, " and has been requested by
them so to convey it," should be left
out, inasmuch as they were not an
important or necessary ingredient.
But it may well be doubted whether
this is so .
For if an estate be vested
in trustees in trust to sell and divide
the proceeds amongst a class, the
trustees are bound to convey by the
direction of the class if sui juris, but
certainly are not bare trustees until
the joint request to convey has countermanded the trust for sale.
Christie
v . Ovington, 1 Ch . D. 279.
[However
in a subsequent case M. R. withheld
his approval of the above definition
of a "bare trustee," and while expressly abstaining from deciding the
point intimated an opinion that a
" bare trustee ," meant a trustee without any beneficial interest, whether
he had active duties to perform or
not.
See Morgan v. Swansea Urban
Sanitary Authority, 9 Ch. D. 582.
But in a still later case V. C. Bacon
held that trustees of real estate devised upon trust for sale, the sale of
which had been ordered in an action
to administer the testator's estate,
were bare trustees, although they took
beneficial interests in the proceeds of
sale; Re Docwra, 29 Ch. D. 693.]