*479
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
EXECUTORS' RECEIPTS.
β. Sale by executor for payment of his own debt.-The
executor may not sell or pledge the assets for raising money
to carry on the testator's business, though in pursuance of
the directions contained in his will, for the debts of the business are not the testator's debts, [and a direction by a testator that his trade shall be carried on by his executors does
not authorise the employment in that trade of more of the
testator's property than was employed by him in his business] (6), or to pay or secure the executor's own debt (c), or
for a debt wrongfully contracted by him as executor (d), for
prima facie this is a diversion of the assets to a purpose
wholly foreign to the administration, and therefore a devastavit.
" Though," observed Sir W. Grant, " it maybe dangerous at all to restrain the power of purchasing from the executor, what inconvenience can there be in holding that the
assets known to be such should not be applied in any case
for the executor's debt, unless the creditor could be first satisfied of his right?
It may be essential that the executor
should have the power to sell the assets, but it is not essential
that he should have the power to pay his own creditor ; and
it is not just that one man's property should be applied to
the payment of another man's debt" (e) .
Where the executor is specific or residuary legatee.-But if
the executor be also the specific (f), or residuary legatee (g),
W. 149, per Sir J. Jekyll ; M'Mullen
v. O'Reilly, 15 Ir. Ch. Rep. 251; and
see Drohan v . Drohan, 1 B. & Β. 185.
(b) McNeillie v. Acton, 2 Eq . Rep.
21; 4 De G. M. & G. 744.
[But the
executors may sell or pledge any part
of the property actually employed in
the business, and it has been held in
a recent case in Ireland that the
power of disposition extends to mortgaging the freehold premises upon
which the business
is
carried
on ;
Devitt v . Kearney, 13 L. R. Ir . 45 ;
reversing S. C. 11 L. R. Ir. 225.]
(c) Scott v . Tyler, 2 Dick. 712 ;
Hill v. Simpson, 7 Ves . 152 ; Watkins
v . Cheek, 2 S. & S. 205, per Sir J.
Leach ; Keane v. Robarts, 4 Mad. 357,
per eundem ; Crane v. Drake, 2 Vern .
616 ; Anon. case, cited Pr. Ch. 434;
Andrew v. Wrigley, 4 B. С. С. 137,
per Lord Alvanley; and see Eland v.
Eland, 4 M. & Cr. 427; Miles v . Durnford, 2 De G. M. & G. 641 ; [Jones ข.
Stöhwasser, 16 Ch . D. 577.]
(d) Collinson v. Lister, 20 Beav.
356; 7 De G. M. & G. 634.
(e) Hill v. Simpson, 7 Ves. 169.
(f) Taylor v. Hawkins, 8Ves. 209.
(g) Nugent v. Gifford, 1 Atk. 463 ;
corrected from Reg. Lib. 4 B. C. C.
136; Mead v. Orrery, 3 Atk. 235;
Whale v. Booth, 4 T. R. 625, note (a).
See the comments of Lord Eldon,
M'Leod v. Drummond, 17 Ves. 163 ;
and see Bedford v. Woodham, 4 Ves .
40, note; Storry v. Walsh, 18 Beav.
559.