*438
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
the deposit to be acted upon, and will not be held guilty of
negligence if the cheque be dishonoured (c).]
44. Buying in. Trustees of bankrupts cannot buy in at
the auction without the authority of the creditors, and
where the assignees had put up the estate in two lots, and
bought them in, and afterwards upon a re-sale there was a gain
upon one lot and a loss upon the other, the balance upon the
whole being in favour of the estate, Lord Eldon compelled
the assignees to account for the diminution of price on the
one lot, and would not allow them to set off the increase of
price on the other lot (d).
It may be thought perhaps that as trustees in bankruptcy
act under a statute they have less discretionary power than
belongs to ordinary trustees ; but in Taylor v. Tabrum (e)
the same principle was applied to trustees in the proper
sense of the word.
By 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145, as to trusts created [after 28th
August, 1860, and prior to the repeal of the Act], and where
the settlement does not otherwise direct, trustees may sell at
one time or at several times, and may buy in, or rescind a
private contract, and resell without being responsible (f).
66
[By a later Act as to trusts or powers created since 31st
December, 1881, where the settlement does not otherwise
direct, trustees may
vary any contract for sale," and may
"buy in at any auction or rescind any contract for sale and
resell without being answerable for any loss" (g).]
[*438]
*45. 37 & 38 Vict. c. 78.- By the Vendor and
Purchaser Act, 1874 (a), it is enacted, by the first
section, that as to any contract " made after 31st December,
1874, and subject to any stipulation to the contrary, forty
years shall be substituted as the period of commencement of
title which a purchaser may require in place of sixty years ,
[(c) Farrer v. Lacy Hartland &
Co., 25 Ch. D. 636.]
(d) Ex parte Lewis, 1 Gl. & J. 69;
and see Ex parte Buxton, Id. 355 ; Ex
parte Baldock, 2 D. & C. 60 ; Ex parte
Gover, 1 De G. 349 ; Ex parte Tomkins, Sugd. V. & P. 815, 14 ed.
(e) 6 Sim. 281; see Ord v. Noel, 5
Mad. 440; Conolly v. Parsons, 3 Ves .
628, note.
(f) 23 and 24 Vict. c. 145, ss. 1
and 2.
[Since repealed : see supra,
note (6), and p. 436, note (a).]
[(g) 44 and 45 Vict. c. 41, s . 35.]
(a) 37 & 38 Vict. c. 78 .