*626
[CH. XXIII. S. 2.
RESTRICTIONS ON POWERS

(7). An application to the Court under this section may
be made by the tenant for life, or by the persons who together
constitute the tenant for life, within the meaning of sect. 63
of the Act of 1882.

(8). An application to rescind or vary an order, or to
make any new or further order under this section, may be
made also by the trustees of the settlement, or by any person
beneficially interested under the settlement.

(9). The person or persons to whom leave is given by an
order under this section shall be deemed the proper person
or persons to exercise the powers conferred by sect. 63 of the
Act of 1882, and shall have, and may exercise those powers
accordingly.

(10). This section is not to affect any dealing which has
taken place before the passing of this Act, under any trust
or power to which this section applies.

7.
Effect of enactments.

The effect of these enactments is, that where property is subject to a trust or direction for sale, as distinguished from a mere power of sale, the trustees may execute the trust and exercise their powers irrespective of the restrictions arising under the Settled Land Act, 1882, until an order has been made by the Court giving leave to some other person or persons to exercise all or any of the powers conferred by sect. 63 on the tenant for life; and that until such an order has been made no tenant for life or other limited owner is able, under the Act of 1882, to exercise any power conferred by that Act.

But when such an order has been made, and so long as the order remains in force, the trustees cannot execute any trust or power created by the settlement for any purpose to which the leave given by the order extends. The powers under the settlement and the Act will thus never be concurrent, and as every order to be effectual must be registered and re-registered as a lis pendens, there will never be any difficulty in ascertaining, by a search for lites pendentes,

844