*23
[Сн. III . S. 1.
FEME COVERT.
property, and as a consequence to vest it in a trustee (h) .
But now municipal corporations are themselves trustees of
their property, for the public purposes prescribed by the
Municipal Corporations Act, and are debarred from alienating their real (i) or personal estate (j) without the consent
of the Lords of the Treasury. A corporation, however, not
included in the schedules to the Act still retains its power
of alienation (k) .
4. Feme covert. -A Feme Covert may create a trust of
real estate, but, unless it be property settled to her separate
use, it must be done with the consent of her husband, and
there must be all the attendant formalities required by the
Fines and Recoveries Act, 3 & 4 W. 4, c. 74 [as modified by the Conveyancing Act, 1882, 45 & 46 * Vict.
c. 39, s. 7.
But under the Married Women's Property Act, 1882 (a) , a woman married since the 31st Dec.
1882, and also a woman married before that date as to property acquired by her after that date, can create a trust of
real estate without the concurrence of her husband and without the formalities of the Fines and Recoveries Act.1]
5. 20 & 21 Vict. c. 57.-As to her choses en action, by a
recent statute (b) (commonly called Malins's Act), a feme
covert is enabled with the concurrence of her husband, and
on being separately examined in the manner prescribed by
the Fines and Recoveries Act, to dispose by deed of any
future or reversionary interest created by an instrument made
after the 31st December, 1857, and as to which interest her
power of anticipation is not specially restricted ; and is also
authorized to release or extinguish her right or equity to a
settlement out of personal estate to which she is entitled in
possession under such instrument as aforesaid.
But any person (h) Colchester v. Lowten, 1 V. &
B. 226.
(i) 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76, s. 94.
(k) Evan v. The Corporation of
Avon, 29 Beav. 144.
[(a) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75, ss. 2, 5.]
(b) 20 & 21 Vict. c.57.
(j)
Attorney-General v. Aspinwall, 2 M. & Cr. 613 ; Attorney-General v . Wilton, Cr. & Ph. 1.
1 Married women in America may convey their property to trustees. Young
v. Graff, 28 Ill. 20 ; Durant v. Ritchie, 4 Mason, 45; 1 Redf. on Wills, 21-28;
Perry on Trusts, § 32.
26