*402
[CH. XVII. S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
of a thing with the intention that it is to be taken
[*402] * either wholly or in part, in extinguishment of some
prior (legal) claim of the donee (a) .
2. Persons loco parentis.
The doctrine of Ademption and
Satisfaction applies only as between parents (whether father
or mother) (b), or persons loco parentis on the one hand,
and children on the other.
The doctrine does not hold as
between strangers (c), or as between husband and wife (d),
or as between brothers, or as between grandfather and grandchild, or as between uncle and nephew, or as between any
other relatives than as above.
But a brother may by his
conduct place himself loco parentis to a brother (e), and a
grandfather (f), uncle (g), or other relative or connection
as a stepfather (h), may place himself loco parentis to a
grandchild, nephew, or other relative or connection ; and
this though the person loco parentis has children of his
own (i), and though the actual father be living and the
child be resident with him and is maintained by him (j) .
So a putative father is not in law the parent of the illegitimate child (k), but he may place himself loco parentis by a
course of conduct.
And Lord Thurlow, in speaking of a
parent's provision for a child, observed generally, " as to its
being considered as the payment of a debt, the law does not
(a) Chichester v. Coventry, 2 L.R.H.L. 95, per Lord Romilly.
(b) Finch v. Finch, 1 Ves. jun. 534.
(c) Powel v. Cleaver, 2 B.C.C. 499.
But even as between strangers
"if a legacy appears on the face of
the will to be bequeathed for a particular purpose, and a subsequent
gift appears by proper evidence to
have been made for the same purpose, a presumption is made primâ
facie in favour of ademption," per
Lord Selborne, L.C.; Re Pollock, 28
Ch. D. 552, 556.
(d) Richardson v. Elphinstone, 2
Ves. jun. 463; Haynes v. Mico, 1 B.
C. C. 129; Couch v. Stratton, 4 Ves .
391.
(e) Monck v. Monck, 1 B.&B. 298.
(f) Powys v. Mansfield, 3 M.&Cr. 359 ; 6 Sim. 528 ; Campbell v.
Campbell, 1 L.R.Eq. 383 ; Pym v .
Lockyer, 5 M.&Cr. 29; and see
Roome v. Roome, 3 Atk. 183.
(g) Shudal v. Jekyll, 2 Atk. 516.
(h) Curtin v. Evans, 9 I.R.Eq.
(i) Monck v. Monck, 1 B.&B.
(j) Powys v. Mansfield, 3 M.&Cr.
359 (see 368), reversing S.C. 6 Sim.
528; Pym v. Lockyer, 5 M.&Cr. 29;
Shudal v. Jekyll, 2 Atk. 518.
(k) Ex parte Pye, 18 Ves. 140 ;
Grave v. Earl of Salisbury, 1 B.C.C.
425; Wetherby v. Dixon, 19 Ves.
412, per Cur.; Smith v. Strong, 4 B.
C.C. 493; Jeacock v. Falkener, 1 B.
С.C.C. 295.