CH. XIV. S. 3.
ACCRUING BEFORE CONVERSION.
*303

entitled to the produce of the property, in its converted form,
from the time of the conversion, as if land be directed to be
sold, and the produce invested in Government or real securities (g) , or money be directed to be laid out on land (h), the
tenant for life is entitled to the dividends or interest in the
first case, from the time of the sale and investment, and to
the rents in the latter case from the time of the purchase,
though made in the course of the first year.
(8) Where the funds are not at the testator's death in the
state they ought to be.- Where, at the death of the testator,
the property is not in the state in which it is directed
to be, the tenant for life is, before * the conversion, [*303]
entitled, as the Court has now decided, not to the
actual produce, but to a reasonable fruit of the property, from
the death of the testator up to the time of the conversion,
whether made in the course of the first year, or subsequently ;
as if personal estate be directed to be laid out in Government
or real securities, and part of the personal estate consists of
bonds, bank stock, &c. (not being Government or real securities), the tenant for life is entitled to the dividends from the
death of the testator on so much of 3 per cent. Consolidated
Bank Annuities as such part of the personal estate, not
being Government or real securities, would have purchased at
the expiration of one year from the testator's death (a).
(g) La Terriere v. Bulmer, 2 Sim .
18; Gibson v. Bott, 7 Ves . 89 .
(h) See Angerstein v. Martin, T.
& R. 240.
(a) Dimes v. Scott, 4 Russ. 195.
InDouglas v. Congreve, 1 Keen, 410,
the M. R. gave the tenant for life the
actual interest of the personal estate
making interest from the death of
the testator until the end of one year;
and in Robinson v. Robinson, 1 De G.
M. & G. 247, the tenant for life was
allowed 4 per cent. from the expiration of one year; but in the cases of
Taylor v. Clark, 1Hare, 161 ; Morgan
v. Morgan, 14 Beav. 72 ; Holgate v.
Jennings, 24 Beav. 623; Brown v.
Gellatly, 2 L. R. Ch . App. 752; Allhusen v. Whittell, 4 L. R. Eq. 295;
Re Llewellyn's Trust, 29 Beav. 171 ;
Hume v. Richardson, 4 De G. F. & J.
29, the authority of Dimes v. Scott
was followed; but in the last case
(Hume v .Richardson), the Court gave
the tenant for life the income of so
much 3 per cent. Consolidated Bank
Annuities as would have been purchased had the conversion been made
at the testator's death , and not at the
expiration of one yearfrom the testator's
death.
In Allhusen v. Whittell, 4 L.
R. Eq. 295, V. C. Wood considered
the true principle to be, to ascertain
what part of the testator's estate (including the income of such part during the first yearfrom the testator's
death) was required for the payment
of funeral and testamentary expenses,
419