ACCRUING BEFORE CONVERSION.
*305
nership assessed at a certain sum and payable by instalments,
carrying interest at 5 per cent., the tenant for life is allowed
4per cent. from the death of the testator on the value taken
at the expiration of one year from the testator's death (e) .
(η) Discretion expressly given by the testator.
If it appear
from the terms of the will that the testator intended to give
his trustees a discretion as to the time of conversion, which
discretion has been fairly exercised, and that the tenant for
life was to have the actual income until conversion, the case
must be governed by the testator's intention, and not by the
general rule (f).
But if the power be so expressed as to
negative the intention of varying by its exercise the rights
of the parties, the general rule will prevail (g) .
[11. Trade
profits.-If the trust estate
is improperly
employed in trade, and large profits accrue, the tenant for
life is only entitled to interest at 4 per cent. on the amount
of capital so employed, and the rest of the profits must be
added to the capital; but if the income is allowed to remain
in the business and thereby conduces to subsequent accretions of profits it would seem that the tenant for life
is
entitled to so much of these accretions as
is attributable
to his share of the income remaining in the business, and
if necessary an enquiry will be directed to ascertain the
amount (h).]
* 12. Reversionary interest converted in favour of [*305]
tenant for life.
The principle upon which the court
implies in favour of those in remainder a direction to convert wasting property (namely, that both tenant for life and
remainderman were intended to share in the enjoyment of
it), demands equally in favour of the tenant for life a conversion of future or reversionary interests (a).
Hence if a
testator entitled to a reversion expectant on lives direct a
(e) Re Llewellyn's Trust, 29 Beav .
171; Meyer v . Simonsen, 5 De G. &
Sm . 723.
(f) Mackie v. Mackie, 5 Hare, 70;
Wrey v. Smith, 14 Sim. 202 ; Sparling v . Parker, 9 Beav. 524 ; Johnstone
v. Moore, 4 Jur. N. S. 356; Re Sewell's
Trust, 11 L. R. Eq. 80 ; [Re Chancellor, 26 Ch . D. 42 ;] and see Murray
v. Glasse, 17 Jur. 816.
(g) Brown v . Gellatly, 2 L. R. Ch .
App. 751 ; [Porter v . Baddeley, 5 Ch .
D. 542.]
[(h) Re Hill, 50 L. J. N. S. Ch . 551.]
(a) Howe r. Lord Dartmouth, 7
Ves . 148 .