*420
[CH. XVII. S. 4.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
recourse is therefore had to the corpus by sale or mortgage.
But even if a definite time of payment be not an ingredient
in the case, yet from the very nature of portions, as rents
and profits without stint represent the whole estate,
[*420] the Court assumes the * jurisdiction of ordering a
sale or mortgage (a); and where there is no suit
pending the trustees of an estate subject to such a charge
may sell or mortgage, if they can find a purchaser or mortgagee, without the intervention of the Court (b) .
5. Out of annual rents only.- If, however, the clear intention be that annual rents and profits only are meant, the
Court cannot break in upon the corpus ; and such is the
case where the portions are directed to be raised expressly
out of the annual rents (c) ; or where it is evident from the
whole context that by rents and profits were intended the
annual rents (d) .
6. Out of rents or otherwise, except a sale.
In Bennett v.
Wyndham (e) , where the trust was to raise the charge out
of the rents and profits, or by such other ways and means
except a sale as the trustees should think proper, the Court
on the one hand collected an intention that annual rents and
profits were meant, and on the other hand that the tenants
for life were not to be deprived of all usufructuary enjoyment, and the Court adopted a middle course by holding
that part of the rents should be impounded and part be
handed over to the tenants for life, and referred it to cham
(a) Warburton v. Warburton, 2
Vern. 420; Sheldon v. Dormer, 2
Vern. 310 ; Baines v. Dixon, 1 Ves.
sen . 41 ; Hall v. Carter, 2 Atk. 358,
per Lord Hardwicke ; Backhouse v.
Middleton, 1 Ch. Ca. 173 ; Green v.
Belcher, 1 Atk. 505 ; Trafford v. Ashton, 1 P. W. 415; Countess of Shrewsbury v. Earl of Shrewsbury, 1 Ves .
jun. 234, per Cur.; Okedenv . Okeden,
1 Atk. 550; and see Allan v. Backhouse, 2 V. & B. 65 ;
[Re Barber's
Settled Estates, 18 Ch. D. 624;]
Bootle v. Blundell, 1 Mer. 233 Anon.
1 Vern. 104, in which it was said that
rents and profits could not receive
this enlarged construction in a deed ;
Garmstone v. Gaunt, 1 Coll. 577;
Lingon v. Foley, 2 Ch . Ca. 205 ; Mills
v . Banks , 3 P. W. 1 .
(b) Backhouse v. Middleton, 1 Ch.
Ca. 176, per Cur .
(c) Anon. 1 Vern. 104; Solley v.
Wood, 29 Beav. 482.
(d) Mills v. Banks, 3 P. W. 1 ;
Wilson v. Halliley, 1 R. & M. 590 ;
Ivy v. Gilbert, 2 P. W. 13 ; Evelyn v.
Evelyn , 2 P. W. 659, see 666; Earl
of Rivers v. Earl of Derby, 2 Vern.
72; Okeden v . Okeden, 1 Atk. 550.
(e) 23 Beav. 521.
570