5. Can a person accept a bounty and repudiate a trust under the same will? - If a person be nominated a trustee in a will and also take a benefit under it, he can claim the testator's bounty, and yet disclaim the onus of the trust (h); for an executor, who is also a legatee, may renounce probate and yet claim the legacy, and it is difficult to point out a distinction between the two cases. But if the benefit be annexed to the office of trustee or executor, and he does not act, he cannot claim the benefit (i).

6. Opinion of counsel as to disclaimer.-If one be [*198] named as trustee without any authority from himself, he is justified (as between himself and the parties interested in the trust who require a disclaimer from him and thereby undertake to pay all proper costs,) in taking the opinion of counsel upon the propriety of executing a deed of disclaimer (a).

7. Disclaimer of trust by statement of defence.
A trust may be disclaimed at the bar of the Court (b), or by [a statement of defence,] and the person named as trustee will, like any other person made a party to the suit unnecessarily, be entitled to his costs (c); (but only as between party and party (d) ;) though the action which might have been dismissed against him at an earlier stage be brought to a hearing (e); and if his [statement] be needlessly long, he will only be allowed what would have been the reasonable costs of a simple disclaimer (f).

8. May be shown by acts.-A trust may also be repudiated on the evidence of conduct without any express declaration acted, though they had conveyed the estate instead of disclaiming.
See Urch v. Walker, 3 M. & C. 702; Richardson v. Hulbert, 1 Anst. 65.
(h) See Talbot v. Radnor, 3 M. & K. 254; Pollexfen v. Moore, 3 Atk. 272; Andrew v. Trinity Hall, Camb. 9 Ves. 525; Warren v. Rudall, 1 J. & H. 1.
(i) Slany v. Witney, 2 L. R. Eq. 418; and see Lewis v. Mathews, 8 L. R. Eq. 277.
(a) In re Tryon, 7 Beav. 496.
(b) Ladbrook v. Bleaden, M. R. 16 Jur. 630; Foster v. Dawber, 8 W. R. 646; and see Re Ellison's Trust, 2 Jur. N. S. 62.
(c) Hickson v. Fitzgerald, 1 Moll. 14.
(d) Norway v. Norway, 2 M. & K. 278, overruling Sherratt v. Bentley, 1 R. & M. 655; see Legg v. Mackrell, 1 Giff. 166; Bulkeley v. Earl of Eglinton, 1 Jur. N. S. 994.
(e) Bray v. West, 9 Sim. 429.
(f) Martin v. Persse, 1 Moll. 146;
Parsons v. Potter, 2 Hog. 281 .