*601
CONSTRUCTION OF POWERS .
[CH . XXIII . S. 2.
5. Strict powers, and powers directory.-Again, powers
have been dealt with by the Court as either of a strict or of
a directory character : the former such as only arise under
the exact circumstances prescribed by the settlement ; the
latter such as being merely monitory may be taken with a
degree of latitude.
Thus, where an advowson was vested in
trustees upon trust to elect and present a fit person within six
months from the incumbent's decease, it was considered that
the clause was directory, and that the trustees might equally
elect and present, although that period had elapsed (f) .
So, where six trustees were empowered when reduced to three
to substitute others, and all died but one, it was held competent to the sole survivor to fill up the number (g) .
[*601] * And where in the case of twenty-five trustees, the
direction was, that when reduced to fifteen the survivors should nominate, it was determined by the Court that,
although seventeen remained, the survivors were at liberty
to exercise their power, but that, when reduced to only fifteen, they were compellable to do so (a) .
6.
Charity.
These were cases of charitable trusts, in which
it seems a greater latitude of construction is allowed.
But
in another case, where the trusts were not charitable, and
estates were devised to trustees upon trust to sell " with all
convenient speed, and within five years after the testator's
decease," it was held that these words were directory only,
and that the trustees could sell and make a good title,
although the five years had expired (b) .
II. We proceed to consider the construction of powers.
As the powers of trustees are regulated by the doctrines
applicable to powers in general, and as the admirable treatise
of Lord St. Leonards is in every one's hands, we shall advert
only to some cases of most frequent occurrence .
(f) Attorney-General v. Scott, 1 Ves. 413, see 415.
(g) Attorney-General v . Floyer,
2 Vern. 748 ; and see Attorney-General v . Bishop of Lichfield, 5 Ves. 825; Attorney-General v. Cuming, 2 Y. & C. C. C. 139; but see Foley v.
Wontner, 2 J. & W. 245.
(a) Doe r. Roe, 1 Anst. 86.
(b) Pearce v. Gardner, 10 Hare,
287; and see Cuff v. Hall, 1 Jur. N. S. 973.