CH. III . S. 2.

*36
FEME COVERT .
of the order on one occasion) (l), in the premises.
The
order therefore will not affect the husband's curtesy, if
any (m) .
The Court will not direct the form of conveyance (n), but it looks to the propriety of the order with
reference to each particular estate, and it will not give the
feme covert a roving power of disposition over any property
which she may happen to have (o).
In most cases the Court
has made the order to enable the wife to deal with her own
property for her maintenance, but in other cases the court has
enabled the feme covert to execute a trust (p ) : and it would
seem therefore that where there is an incapacity of
the husband to join in a deed, the *feme covert (who
[*36]
has no want of discretion) can execute the trust by
the aid of the Court.
6. Bare Trustee.
By 37 & 38 Vict. c. 78. s. 6, it is enacted
that when any freehold or copyhold hereditaments shall be
vested in a married woman as a bare trustee, she may convey
or surrender the same as if she were afeme sole.¹

[7. Married Women's Property Act.-Now by Sect. 18
of the Married Women's Property Act, 1852 (a), a married
woman who is an executrix or administratrix alone, or jointly
with any other person, may transfer or join in transferring
any annuity or bank deposit, or any part of the public stocks
or funds, or of the stocks or funds of any bank, or any share
stock debenture, debenture stock, or other benefit right claim
(1) Re Kelsey, 16 С. В. 197.
[(m) By sect. 91 of the Fines and
Recoveries Act, all deeds executed
by the wife in pursuance of the order
shall (but without prejudice to the
rights of the husband as then existing
independently of the act) be as good
and valid as they would have been if
the husband had
concurred.
The
words in parenthesis have occasioned
some difficulty, but it is conceived
that the only rights of the husband
reserved by them are such rights as
he is entitled to by virtue of an independent interest, and that the wife's
deed passes all such estate and interest as she is by sect. 77 empowered to
dispose of with the husband's consent.
See Goodchild v. Dougal, 3 Ch . D.
650; and see also Re Jakeman's Trusts,
23 Ch. D. 344; and see Fowke v. Draycott, 33 W. R. 701 ; 29 Ch. D. 996,
where it was held that the wife's disposition did not deprive the husband
of the common-law rights which he
had acquired by the coverture .]
(n) Re Turner, 3 C. B. 166 .
(0) Re Cloud, 15 C. B. N. S. 833.
(p) Re Mirfin, 4 M. & G. 635; Re
Haigh, 2 C. B. N. S. 198 ;
[Re Caine
10 Q. B. D. 284.]
[(a) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75.]
1 See Re Docwra, 29 Ch. D. 693.
43