*196

**Disclaimer.**

Lord Redesdale stated that even if an executor "may have agreed in the lifetime of a testator to accept the executorship, he is still at liberty to recede, except so far as his feelings may forbid it; and it will be proper for him to do so, if he finds that his charge as executor is different from what he conceived it to be when he entered into the engagement" (b).

2. Heir of a trustee.-But there does not appear to be any instance in which, after acceptance by the trustee, his heir has been allowed to disclaim the estate; and if the law permitted it, many instances would no doubt have occurred (c). The inconveniences of such a right of disclaimer would [before the recent Act(d) have been] great.

239.(b) Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch. & Lef.
(c) See Humphrey v. Morse, 2 Atk. 408.
[(d) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30,
under which the legal estate in realty
devolves to the personal representative of the trustee as if it were a
chattel real .]
Judson v. Gibbons, 5 Wend. 224; it may be a sufficient disclaimer if the
trustees named fail to perform any of the duties required in the management
of the trust estate, or to qualify as such trustees; Williams v. King, 43
Conn. 572; Wardwell v. McDowell, 31 III. 364; Thornton v. Winston, 4
Leigh. 152; Marr v. Peay, 2 Murph. 85; or they may disclaim in court or
by pleadings; Clemens v. Clemens, 60 Barb. 366.
If the trustee has accepted the trust, he cannot afterwards free himself
from it by putting in a disclaimer; Shepherd v. M'Evers, 4 Johns. Ch . 136 ;
8 Am. Dec. 561 ; Armstrong v. Morrill, 14 Wall. 138 ; Sears v. Dillingham,
12 Mass . 3583; Strong v. Willis , 3 Fla. 124; Jones v . Stockett, 2 Bland. 409 ;
Cruger v. Halliday, 11 Paige, 314; Drane v. Gunter, 19 Ala. 731 ; Chaplin v.
Givens, 1 Rice, Eq. 133; but see Robertson v. McGeoch, 11 Paige, 640 ; he
can be discharged only by a decree of court, by the consent of all interested
parties, or in accordance with provision made in the instrument declaring the
trust; Sugden v. Crossland, 3 Sm. & Gif. 192; Webster v. Vandeventer, 6
Gray, 428;
Perkins v. McGavock, 3 Hayn. 265 ; Ridgeley v. Johnson, 11
Barb . 527; Diefendorf v. Spraker, 10 N. Y. 246; Re Bernstein, 3 Redf. 20 ;
mere abandonment will not relieve the trustee of his responsibility; Thatcher
v. Candee, 3 Keyes, 157 ; Cruger v. Halliday, 11 Paige, 314; if a person dies
without accepting or disclaiming, whether his heirs or representatives can
disclaim is an unsettled question; Goodson v. Ellison, 3 Russ. 583; Hill on
Trustees , 222 ; King v. Phillips, 16 Jur. 1080 .

**Effect of disclaimer.-**

If a trustee disclaims he loses any gifts or benefits attaching to the position; Kirkland v. Narramore, 105 Mass. 31 ; Newcomb v.
Williams, 9 Met. 525 ; Hall v . Cushing, 9 Pick. 395; Barrus v . Kirkland,8 Gray,
512; Billingslea v. Moore, 14 Ga. 370; King v. Woodhull, 3 Edw. Ch. 79 ;
Thayer v. Wellington, 9 Allen, 283.

If there is a complete disclaimer, the
result is the same as if the appointment of the trustee had not been made;
Leggett v. Hunter, 19 N. Y. 445; Clemens v. Clemens, 60 Barb. 366 ; if one of
several disclaim, the whole estate is held by the others, Ellis v. Boston, H.
&