*54
[CH. V. S. 2.
STATUTE OF FRAUDS . - CROWN.
parol declaration, it cannot be affected by any subsequent
parol declaration of the settlor to the contrary(b). But the
approval of a draft declaration of trust, subject to further
consideration as to one of the provisions of it, will not
amount to a parol declaration (c) .
If a settlor direct a sum
to be invested in the names of the trustees of her marriage
settlement, the Court considers this as tantamount to a parol
declaration, or rather the presumption is, that the sum so
invested should be held upon the same trusts as the settled
funds (d).
4. Case of fraud.- The Statute of Frauds cannot be
pleaded by a defendant to whom the estate has been conveyed without consideration, and who claims to retain it
under circumstances which the Court deems fraudulent (e).1
(b) Kilpin v. Kilpin, 1 Μ. & Κ. 520,
see 529; Crabb v. Crabb, 1 M. & Κ.
511.
415.(c) Re Syke's Trusts, 2 J. & H.
(d) Re Curteis' Trust, 14 L. R.
Eq. 217.
(e) Davies v. Otty (No. 2) , 35
Beav . 208 ; Haigh v. Kaye, 7 L. R.
Ch. App. 469; Childers v. Childers,
1 De G. & J. 482; Lincoln v. Wright,
4 De G. & J. 16; [Booth v. Turle, 16
L. R. Eq. 182.]
1The statute is intended to prevent, andnot to facilitate fraud.
Maddox v.
Rowe, 23 Ga. 431 ; 68 Am. Dec. 535 ; Morrill v. Cooper, 65 Barb. 519 ; Levy
v. Brush, 45 N. Y. 589 ; Bitter v. Jones, 28 Hun, 494.
Where a party
attempted to hold property taken as collateral, the court said it was "too
gross a fraud to be permitted."
Carr v. Carr, 52 Ν. Υ. 259.
Equity will aid
in defeating fraud, regardless of the statute.
Robbins v. Robbins, 89 N. Y.
257; Wood v. Rabe, 96 N. Y. 427.
" The rule in equity always has been
that the statute is not allowed as a protection of fraud, or as a means of
seducing the unwary into false confidence, whereby their intentions are
thwarted or their interests betrayed," is the language of the court in Jenkins
v. Eldredge, 3 Story, 290 ; but no invariable rule has been, or can be established.
Hill on Trustees, 224; Perry on Trusts, § 169; Harding v. Wheaton,
2 Mass. 389.
For a further discussion of the question, see Bonham v. Craig,
80 N. C. 224; Newton v. Taylor, 32 Ohio St. 399 ; Rasdall v. Rasdall, 9 Wis .
379; Fouty v. Fouty, 34 Ind. 433.
An unconscientious refusal to perform
an alleged promise to recovery is not such fraud as will displace the statute.
Johnston v. La Motte, 6 Rich . Eq. 347.
Only clear and simple trusts for the
benefit of a debtor are liable to execution of the statute.
Rice v. Burett, 1
Spear's Eq. 579 ; 42 Am. Dec. 336.
Statute of Frauds does not apply to
trusts of personalty.
Kimball v. Morton, 1 Halst. Ch. 26 ; 43 Am. Dec. 621 ;
Hoge v. Hoge, 1 Watts, 163 ; 26 Am. Dec. 54 ; Towles v. Burton, Rich. Eq.
Cas . 146; 24 Am. Dec. 409 ; Robson v. Harwell, 6 Ga. 589.
If a deed is absolute in form, its purpose cannot be shown by parol.
Lawson v. Lawson, 117
Ill. 98.
An express trust must be manifested or proved in writing.
Donlin
v. Bradley, 119 III. 412.
Neither does the statute apply where the subject of
the trust is a debt, and not the land mortgaged to secure it.
Patterson v.
66