CH. IX. S. 2.

THE PURCHASES IN NAMES OF STRANGERS .
*168

THE COURT WILL NOT ADMIT EVIDENCE TO SHOW THAT THE PURCHASE-MONEY WAS PAID BY PAROL, EVEN THOUGH IT BE OTHERWISE EXPRESSED IN THE DEED.
IN KIRK V. WEBB (e), THE COURT REFUSED TO ADMIT EVIDENCE, AND THE DECISION WAS FOLLOWED IN SUBSEQUENT CASES (f). HOWEVER, THE DOCTRINE, THOUGH SUPPORTED BY NUMEROUS PRECEDENTS, HAS SINCE BEEN CLEARLY OVERTHROWN BY THE CONCURRENT AUTHORITY OF THE MOST DISTINGUISHED JUDGES (g).

* PURCHASE BY AN AGENT. -THE RULE AS AT PRESENT [*168] ESTABLISHED WILL NOT WARRANT THE ADMISSIBILITY OF PAROL EVIDENCE, WHERE AN ESTATE IS PURCHASED BY AN AGENT AND NO PART OF THE CONSIDERATION IS PAID BY THE EMPLOYER; FOR THOUGH AN AGENT IS A TRUSTEE IN EQUITY, YET THE TRUST IS ONE ARISING EX CONTRACTU, AND NOT RESULTING BY OPERATION OF LAW (a). THE AGENT MAY BE INDICTED FOR PERJURY IN DENYING HIS CHARACTER, AND MAY BE CONVICTED, YET THE COURT HAS NO POWER TO DECREE THE TRUST (b).
THE EMPLOYER, THEREFORE, AS HE COULD NOT PROFIT BY THE CONVICTION, WAS NEVER PREVENTED BY INTEREST FROM BEING A WITNESS AGAINST THE AGENT (c).

PAROL EVIDENCE MUST BE CLEAR. -AND PAROL EVIDENCE, WHERE ADMITTED, MUST PROVE THE FACT VERY CLEARLY (d); THOUGH NO OBJECTION LIES AGAINST THE RECEIPT OF CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE, AS THAT THE MEANS OF THE PRETENDED PURCHASER WERE SO SLIM AS TO MAKE IT IMPOSSIBLE HE SHOULD HAVE PAID THE PURCHASE-MONEY HIMSELF (e).

(e) Prec. Ch. 84.
(f) Heron v. Heron, Pr. Ch. 163; S.C. Freem. 246; Skett v. Whitmore, Freem. 280; Kinder v. Miller, Pr. Ch. 172; and see Halcott v. Markant, Pr. Ch. 168; Hooper v. Eyles, 2 Vern. 480; Newton v. Preston, Pr. Ch. 103; Cox v. Bateman, 2 Ves. 19; Ambrose v. Ambrose, 1 P. W. 321; Deg v. Deg, 2 P. W. 414.
THE EARLIER CASE OF GASCOIGNE V. THWING, 1 Vern. 366, WAS IN HARMONY WITH THE MODERN DOCTRINE.

(g) Ryall v. Ryall, 1 Atk. 59; S.C. Amb. 413;
Willis v. Willis, 2 Atk. 71;
Bartlett v. Pickersgill, 1 Eden, 515;
Lane v. Dighton, Amb. 409;
Knight v. Pechey, 1 Dick. 327; S.C. cited from MS. 3 Vend. & Purch. 258;
Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & J. 163;
Lench v. Lench, 10 Ves. 517;
Gray v. Lucas, W. N. 1874, p. 223.

(a) Bartlett v. Pickersgill, 1 Eden, 515; Rastel v. Hutchinson, 1 Dick. 44; Lamas v. Bayly, 2 Vern. 627;
Atkins v. Rowe, Mosey 39; S.C. Cas. Dom. Proc. 1730.

(b) Bartlett v. Pickersgill, 1 Eden, (c) King v. Boston, 4 East, 572.

(d) Gascoigne v. Thwing, 1 Vern. 366; Halcott v. Markant, Pr. Ch. 168;
Willis v. Willis, 2 Atk. 71; Goodright v. Hodges, 1 Watk. Cop. 229, per Lord Mansfield; Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & J. 163; and see Rider v. Kidder, 10 Ves. 364.

(e) Willis v. Willis, 2 Atk. 71, per 231