*200
[Сн. ХІ.
DISCLAIMER.

In the Irish Act, 4 & 5 W. 4, c. 92, s. 68, the word " disclaim " was expressly introduced.
And now, by 8 & 9 Vict. c. 106, s. 7, a married woman is enabled, in like manner, to " disclaim " any estate or interest in lands in England.
But the disclaimer must be
by deed, and the husband must concur, and the feme covert must make the statutory acknowledgement.

[Whether under the Married Women's Property Act, 1882 (6), a married woman can disclaim, is also doubtful ; and it will be prudent,
in all cases coming within 8 & 9 Vict. c. 106, s. 7, to comply
with the formalities required by that act.]

14. Effect of disclaimer.-The effect of disclaimer by a
trustee, where there is a co-trustee, is to vest the whole legal
estate in the co-trustee (c) : and, as regards the exercise of
the office, even if the trust be accompanied with a power, the
continuing trustee may administer the trust without the concurrence of the trustee who has chosen to disclaim, and without the appointment of a new trustee (d).
The settlor, it is
said, must be presumed to know what the legal consequence
of the death or disclaimer of one of the trustees would be
(e).
And when the disclaimer has been executed, it operates retrospectively, and makes the other trustee the sole
trustee ab initio (f) .

15. Disclaimer of personal contracts.-But in personal
contracts the rule
is different, for where A. covenants
with B., C. , and D. as trustees, and B. disclaims, C. and
D. do not take the joint covenant, and cannot sue without B. (g) .

16. Disclaimer of protectorship.- If trustees are appointed
protectors of the settlement, and they intend to disclaim the

(a) 3 & 4 W. 4, c. 74, s. 77.
[(b) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75.]
(c) Bonifant v. Greenfield, Crow.
Eliz. 80 ; Crewe v. Dicken, 4 Ves. 100,
per Lord Loughborough; Small v .
Marwood, 9 B. & C. 299 ; Freem . 13,
case 111 ; Hawkins v. Kemp, 3 East,
410; Townson v. Tickle, 3 B. & Ald.
31 ; Browell v. Reed, 1 Hare, 435, per
Sir J. Wigram; and see Nicloson v.
Wordsworth, 2 Sw. 369.
(d) Adams v . Taunton, 5 Mad. 435 ;
Cooke v. Crawford, 13 Sim. 96 ; Bayly
v. Cumming, 10 Ir. Eq. Rep. 410 ;
Hawkins v . Kemp, 3 East, 410 ; White
v. M'Dermott, 7 I. R. C. L. 1 .
(e) Browell v. Reed, 1 Hare, 435,
per Sir J. Wigram.
(f) Peppercorn v. Wayman, 5 De G. & Sm . 230.
634.
(g) Wetherell v. Langston, 1 Exch.
276