*555
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS.

[Сн. XXII.]

residue as a sinking fund to pay off mortgage debts and
other charges, and the trustees were, "during the
[*555] * continuance of the trusts," to enter into and hold
possession of the rents and profits of the estate, and
"not deliver the same to any person beneficially interested
in any part thereof," and manage the estate as therein mentioned, and full powers of management were given to the
trustees, and they were also given such other powers over
the estate as were given to a tenant for life in possession by
the Settled Land Act, 1882, it was held that A. was a tenant
for life, or a person having the powers of a tenant for life,
within the meaning of the Act, and that the trustees could
not sell or enfranchise without his consent, as required by
sect. 56 of the Act (a) .

A gift of an estate comprised in a lease for years to a
person during the remainder of the term, if he shall so long
live, is not within either clause (4) or clause (6) of subsect. (1), and the devisee cannot exercise the powers of a
tenant for life under the Act (b) .

7. Powers of tenant for life.-Speaking in general terms,
the Settled Land Act has not only given to the tenant for
life all the powers of disposition of the settled land which
were previously given in well-drawn settlements to the tenant for life, or to the trustees with the consent of the tenant
for life, but has also conferred on the tenant for life larger
and more extended powers, and has effected a complete
revolution in the manner of dealing with settled estates, and
in the mutual relations of the tenant for life and trustees.
Thus the Act has given to the tenant for life an absolute
power at his own discretion to sell, enfranchise and exchange the settled land, to grant building, mining and other
leases thereof, to concur in a partition, to accept surrenders
of lease, to dedicate parts of the settled land for streets and
open spaces, and other similar purposes, and various other
powers, the details of which, and the conditions and restric(a) Re Duke
of
Buccleugh's
(Clitheroe) Estate, Re Clitheroe Estate, 28 Ch. D. 378 .
(b) Re Hazle's Settled Estates, 26
Ch. D. 428; affirmed 29 Ch. D. 78.
752