*266
[CH. XIII.
LIABILITY OF CO-TRUSTEES .
be distinguished how much was received by one trustee and
how much by the other, it is like throwing corn or money
into another man's heap, where there is no reason that he
who made this difficulty should have the whole ; on the contrary, because it cannot be distinguished he shall have no
part" (d).
4.
Trustee joining in a receipt must not permit the money to
lie in the hands of the co-trustee.-And though a trustee
joining in a receipt may be safe in merely permitting his
co-trustee to receive in the first instance, yet he will not be
justified in allowing the money to remain in his hands for
a longer period than the circumstances of the case reasonably require (e) .
And it is the duty of a trustee not to rely
on a mere statement by his co-trustee, that the money has
beenduly invested, but to ascertain that such is the fact (f) .
Two trustees authorized a co-trustee to remove from their
bankers a box containing active Spanish stock, for the purpose of converting it into deferred Spanish stock, and the
co-trustee after the conversion returned the box with only
a part of the converted stock in it, and the trustees, who
relied on the assurance of the co-trustee to their solicitor
that all was right, and did not ascertain the fact, were held
liable for the deferred stock which had been misappropriated (g) .
[*266]
* 5. Walker v. Symonds. - Walker v. Symonds (a)
involved an unusual particularity of circumstances ;
but as Lord Eldon described it as a case of great importance
to trustees in general (b), it may be useful to present a summary of it so far as it bears upon the present subject.
A sum of money secured by mortgage had been assigned
(d) Fellows v. Mitchell, 1 P. W.
83.
For the ordinary and more natural application of this illustration,
see infra, Ch. XXX. s . 2 .
(e) Brice v. Stokes, 11 Ves. 319 ;
Bone v. Cook , M'Clel. 168; Gregory
v . Gregory, 2 Y. & C. 313 ; Thompson
v. Finch, 22 Beav. 316 ; Lincoln v.
Wright, 4 Beav. 427; and see Re
Fryer, 3 K. & J. 317.
This doctrine
appears to have been very little regarded in the time of Lord Talbot.
See Attorney-General v. Randall, 21
Vin. Ab. 534.
(f) Thompson v. Finch, 22 Beav.
316 ; 8 De G. M. & G. 560 ; and see
Hanbury v. Kirkland, 3 Sim. 265 .
259.
(g) Mendes v. Guedella, 2 J. & H.
(a) 3 Sw. 1.
(b) 3 Sw. 74.
366