*91
[CH. VII. S. 1.
TRUSTS FOR ACCUMULATION .
accumulating fund be from the first a vested interest, so that
not the right to the enjoyment, but only the actual enjoyment,
is suspended; as where a settlor directs rents to be accіlated to raise a certain sum for A., to be paid to him on the
completion of the accumulation ; so that A. has a vested interest in the rents as they arise (c).
3. An accumulation
can be directed for one only of the periods allowed by the
statute, and not for two or more of the periods combined (d) .
* 4 . The accumulation, though directed
to commence not at the testator's death, but at some
subsequent period, must still terminate at the expiration of
twenty-one years from the testator's death (a), and the term
of twenty-one years is to be reckoned exclusive of the day
on which the testator died (b).
5. Where the limit exceeded, the trust is good pro tanto.- If
the trust exceeds the limits prescribed by the statute, but not
the limits allowed by the common law, the accumulation will
be established to the extent permitted by the Act, and will be
void for the excess only (c).
6. If an accumulation be not
expressed but implied, as in the gift of a residue to all the
children of A., and no life estate given to A. himself, so that
the class cannot be ascertained until his death, and the fund must accumulate during the interim, it is the better opinion,
as originally decided by Lord Langdale (d), that the prohibition of the statute was meant to apply (e).
The
late Vice-Chancellor of England observed that the statute
was intended only to put an end to accumulations expressly
directed (f)
; and in a subsequent case before him so decided (g) .
And the same view was adopted by Sir
J.
(c) Shaw v. Rhodes, ubi supra ;
and see Oddie v. Brown, 4 De G. &
Jon. 179 .
(d) Wilson v. Wilson, 1 Sim. N. S.
288; [Jagger v. Jagger, 25 Ch. D.
729; ]
see Lady Rosslyn's Trust, 16 Sim. 391.
(a) Attorney-General v. Poulden,
3Hare, 555.
(b) Gorst v. Lowndes, 11 Sim. 434.
(c) Griffiths v. Vere, 9 Ves . 127 ;
Longdon v . Simpson, 12 Ves. 295;
Haley v . Bannister,4 Mad . 275 ; Shaw
v. Rhodes, 1 M. & Cr. 155; Crawley
v. Crawley, 7 Sim . 427 ; AttorneyGeneral v. Poulden, 3 Hare, 555.
(d) McDonald v. Bryce, 2 Keen,
(e) Morgan v. Morgan, 4 De G. &
Sm. 170; Tench v . Cheese, 6 De G.
M. & G. 453.
(f) Elborne v. Goode, 14 Sim. 165.
(g) Corporation of Bridgenorth v.
Collins, 15 Sim. 538 .