*231
[CH . XII . S. 2 .
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
trustee to let trust estates descend, and that however strong
the argument might be (if the matter were one of first impression) in favour of holding that the trust may be executed
by any person to whom the estate comes consistently with
the provision of the original settlement or will, it is too late now
to overrule Cooke v. Crawford, and the subsequent cases,
and to introduce a new principle. And in a subsequent case
in Ireland where a testator appointed A. and B. executors
and trustees of her will, and devised real estate to them
upon trust, that they or the survivor should pay the rents to
A. for his life, and after his death sell the estate, it was
held that the executors of B., who survived A., could not
make a title, notwithstanding the 30th section of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881 (b) .]

16. Re Burtt's estate.-In another case (c), where leaseholds were assigned to two trustees, their executors and
administrators, upon trust ; and the surviving trustee devised
the leaseholds to A. and B. upon the same trusts, and appointed A. B. and C. executors ; on a petition by A. and B.
to the Court to have the trust fund, the proceeds of the
leaseholds, paid out to them, Vice-Chancellor Kindersley
refused, observing, that the surviving trustee had no authority to bequeath the execution of the trust, but could only
pass the legal estate.
The petition was then amended by
joining C. as a co-petitioner, so that the petition was now
that of the legatees, and also of the executors ; but the ViceChancellor still refused, on the ground that the testator had
himself declared, that his executors as such should not be
trustees, and, therefore, since, by the bequest, he had taken
the legal estate from those who ought to have been trustees,
there must be an appointment of new trustees.

17. Where the trust is confided to the trustee and his assigns.
-But it most frequently happens that an estate is vested in
A. upon trust, that A., his heirs, executors, administrators,
and assigns, shall hold upon the trust ; and the question then
is, whether a devisee of A. may, as falling under the description of assigns, not only take the estate, but also execute the
(c) Re Burtt's Estate,1Drew. 319.
[(b) Re Ingleby and Boak, &c. Insurance Company, 13 L. R. Ir. 326.]