*506
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE .
[Сн. ХІХ.
ates fraud on the part of the trustee, but is also desirable on
another account.
If the estate purchased be not ear-marked
at the time as subject to the trust, serious questions might
afterwards arise between the cestuis que trust and the representatives of the trustee, who are the persons entitled to
the property, viz., whether the estate was purchased with the
trust fund or from the trustee's private resources, and the
evidence upon this issue might entail infinite expense (a).
[28. Trustee providing part of purchase-money. -Where an
estate is purchased by trustees, but, the trust funds being
insufficient to provide the whole purchase-money, one of the
trustees provides the sum necessary to complete the purchase, the trust estate is entitled to a first charge upon the
estate for the amount of the trust fund, and subject to such
charge the trustee is entitled to be indemnified out of the
estate in respect of the sum provided by him, and subject to
such indemnity the real estate belongs to the trust (b).]
29. Whether the settlement should be in the conveyance.
Where the legal estate is not required to be vested in the
trustees, but is to be limited to the use of the beneficiaries, the
first question is, whether the limitations should be inserted
in the conveyance itself, or whether the conveyance should
be to the trustees, and a settlement executed subsequently.
The answer must depend on the particular circumstances of
each case, and whether the vendor will or not offer any objection, though it is conceived that on the purchaser undertaking to pay any extra costs to be thereby occasioned, the
vendor could not object.
30. Whether to be referential.
Another practical question is, whether the limitations of the settlement to which the new purchase is to be subjected should be set out at length, or be incorporated by reference.
In either case the trustees must be careful to ascertain the facts, as whether the owners of the successive estates have in any and what way dealt with their respective interests.
31. Form of referential settlement.
If it be proposed to
(a) See Mathias v . Mathias, 3 Sm.
& G. 552;
Price v. Blakemore, 6
s. 2.
Beav. 507, and see post, Chap. xxx.
[(b) Re Pumfrey, 22 Ch. D. 255.]