CH. VIII. S. 1.

*115 EXECUTORY TRUSTS .

the husband for life, remainder to the wife for life, remainder
to the first and other sons in tail, and another part be given
to the husband for life, remainder to the heirs male of his
body ; for, as it appears the parties knew how a strict settlement should be framed, the limitation of part of the estate
in a different mode could only have proceeded from a different intention (f) .

8. Heirs female.
It was formerly argued, that daughters
in marriage articles were not entitled to the same consideration as sons, on the ground that they do not, like sons, continue the name of the family, and are generally provided for,
not by the estate itself, but by portions out of the estate ;
but it is now clearly settled, that, as they are purchasers
under the marriage, and are entitled to some provision, the
Court will in their favour construe heirs female to mean
daughters (g) ; and unless the articles themselves make an
express provision for them by way of portion, &c. (h), will
hold daughters, as well as sons, to be included under
the general term of heirs of * the body (a), or [*115]
issue (b) .
And the settlement will be executed on
the daughters, in default of sons, as tenants in common in
tail general, with cross remainders between them (c) .

9. Limitation of chattels to heirs of the body.-If chattels
be articled to be settled on the parents for life, and then on
the heirs of the body of either, or both, it seems the chattels
will not vest absolutely in the parents, but in the eldest son
as the heir, though taking by purchase, and if there be no
son, in the daughters as co-heiresses (d) ; and for the son or
daughters to take, it is not necessary that they should survive
the parents and become the actual heir (e), unless there be

(f) Howel v . Howel, 2 Ves. 359 ;
and see Powell v. Price, 2 P. W. 535 ;
Chambers v. Chambers, Fitzgib. Rep.
127; S. C. 2 Eq. Ca. Ab. 35 ; Rochford
v. Fitzmaurice, 1 Conn. & Laws . 174.

(g) West v . Errissey, 2 P. W. 349.

(h) Powell v. Price, 2 P. W. 535 ;
and see Mr. Fearne's observations ,
Conting. Rem. 103.

(b) Hart v. Middlehurst, 3 Atk.
371; and see Maguire v. Scully, 2
Hog. 113; S. C. 1 Beat. 370.

(c) See Marryat v. Townley, 1 Ves.
106; Phillips v. James, 4 Drew. & Sm.
404.

(d) Hodgeson v. Bussey, 2 Atk. 89;
S. C. Barm. 195.
See
Bartlett v.
Green, 13 Sim. 218 .

(a) Burton v. Hastings, Gilb . Eq .
Rep . 113; S. C. 1 Eq. Ca. Ab . 393, per
LordCowper.

233.(e) Theebridge v. Kilburne, 2 Ves .
157