TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
*524

exercise the power, and so exclude a person who desires to
come in, but could not do so before the day named in the
deed, the creditor will be relieved in equity (d) .

15. Resumption by trustees of possession after parting with
it.- If there be trustees for payment of debts and legacies,
and subject thereto upon trust for A. for life with remainder
over, and the Court has taken an account of debts and legacies, and declared A. entitled to the possession, who is put
into possession accordingly, it is not competent for the trustees afterwards to make an admission of some further debt,
and to resume the possession in order to discharge it (e) .

16. Secret agreements. - If the debtor agree behind the
back of the general creditors, to give an extra benefit to one
particular creditor, such agreement is a fraud upon the general creditors, and illegal and void (f) .

Secondly. As to the order of payment.

1. Creditors paid before legatees. - Where the trust is
created by will, the direction generally is for payment of
"debts and legacies."
As regards the administration of
assets, creditors take precedence of legatees ; but here,
as both take under the will, and the testator has made no
distinction, it seems upon strict principle, as was
formerly held, that creditors *and legatees ought to [*524]
be paid pari passu (a) .
However, there can be little
doubt that the testator, although he may not have explicitly
declared it, meant the creditors to precede, and the Courts
accordingly (rather straining a point, that a man might not
"sin in his grave") have now indisputably established that
creditors shall have the priority (b) .

(d) Raworth v. Parker, 2 K. & J.
163.

See ante, p. 522.

(e) Underwood v. Hatton, 5 Beav.
36.

(f) Mare v . Sanford, 1 Giff. 288 .

(a) Hixon v. Wytham, 1 Ch . Ca.
248; Gosling v. Dorney, 1 Vern .
482;
Anon. 2 Vern. 133 ; Powell's case,
Nels . 202 ; Wolestoncroft v. Long, 1
Ch. Ca. 32; and see Walker v . Meager, 2 P. W. 552.

(b) Greaves v. Powell, 2 Vern.
248; 302, Raithby's ed.; Bradgate v.
Ridlington, Mose. 56 ; 1 Eq. Ca. Ab.
141 , pl . 3 ; Walker v. Meager, 2 P.
W. 550 ; Martin v. Hooper, Rep. t.
Hardwicke, by Ridg. 209 ; Whitton
v. Lloyd, 1 Ch . Ca. 275 ; Foly's case,
2 Freem . 49 ; Kidney v. Coussmaker,
12 Ves . 154, per Sir W. Grant ; Peter
v. Bruen, cited 2 P. W. 551 ; Lloyd v.
Williams, 2 Atk. 111, per Lord Hardwicke.
709