*319
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
husband and wife praying for such investment was no consent by the wife, for the petition was regarded as that of the
husband only (f), nor will a married woman be deemed to
have consented to an investment by joining in a deed of
appointment of new trustees, in which such an investment
is recited or noticed, for the deed is executed alio intuitu (g) .
Where the consent of two trustees is not required to be by
deed, one may consent by deed and the other by parol (h) .
Where the nature and object of the power and the circum-.
stances of the case point to a previous or contemporaneous
consent, then such previous or contemporaneous consent is
necessary although not expressly required by the
[*319] terms * of the power (a).
If for instance, a consent
be required for the substitution of one estate for
another, the consent must precede or at all events accompany the execution of the power, for the question must be
determined by the relative values of the two estates, at the
time of substitution (b) .
But if an investment has been
made without the required consent, a cestui que trust cannot
complain of it, who, being suijuris at the time, has acquiesced
in and adopted the investment (c) .
27. Investment in trade .
A power to " invest at the discretion of the trustees " will not authorise an investment on
the securities of the United States, or of the railway companies in that country (d), and a power " to place out at
interest, or other way of improvement," will not authorise
an investment of the money in any trading concern (e) ;
or in fact any investment but a Government or real or other
a
next
(f) Norris v. Wright, 14 Beav.
291, see 303.
[But now, by 45 & 46
Vict. c. 75, and Rules of the Supreme
Court, Order 16, Rule 16, a married
woman
petitions
without
friend, and a petition by husband
and wife is not necessarily regarded
as the petition of the husband only;
and such a petition would, it is conceived, if presented under the wife's
instructions , operate as a consent by
her.]
(g) Wiles v. Gresham, 2 Drew.
258, see 267.
(h) Offen v . Harman, 1 De G. F.
& J. 253.
(a) Greenham υ. Gibbeson,
10
Bing. 374, per Tindal, C. J.
(b) Greenham
υ.
Gibbeson, 10
Bing. 363.
(c) Stevens v. Robertson, 37 L. J.
N. S. Ch. 499 .
(d) Bethell v. Abraham, 17 L. R.
Eq. 24.
489.(e) Cock ข. Goodfellow, 10 Mod.
442