CH. XII . S. 2. ]
*226
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES .
the Court has regard to the trust, and will not construe general words to pass the trust * estate where [*226]
the assurance, if so construed, would amount to a
breach of trust (a) .
9. May devise or bequeath it.-As the trustee may at law
dispose of the property in his lifetime, so he may devise or
bequeath it at his death ; [but in the case of a trustee or
mortgagee dying after the 31st December, 1881, " any estate
or interest of inheritance, or limited to the heir as special
occupant, in any tenements or hereditaments, corporeal or
incorporeal," will, notwithstanding any testamentary disposition devolve on the personal representative of the trustee or
mortgagee, in the same manner as if it were a chattel real (b) .
It is therefore useless for a trustee or mortgagee to devise
property of the above description, and the title to such propertymust be made through the legal personal representative.]
But a trust estate will not in all cases pass by the same
words in a will as a beneficial ownership would, for wherever
the estate does not pass by operation of lawsolely, but through
the medium of the intention, it becomes necessary, in order
to ascertain the effect of the instrument, to take into consideration the particular circumstances of the trust.
10. In what cases the trust estate will pass by a general
devise.
Whether a trust estate shall pass inclusively in a
general devise, is a question that has been frequently under
discussion,¹ [and notwithstanding the change in the law
introduced by the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act,
1881 (c), is still a question of importance where the death
(a) Fausset v. Carpenter, 2 Dow.
& Cl. 232; 5 Bligh, N. S. 75; and
see St. Leonards' H. L. Cases, 76 ;
Re Waley's Trust, 3 Eq. R. 380.
[(b) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30, and
see ante, p. 222.]
[(c) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30.]
1 Devise of trust estates.-"A general devise of real estate will pass estates
vested in the testator as trustee or mortgagee, unless a contrary intention can
be collected from the expressions of the will, or from the purposes or limitations to which the devised lands are subjected " ; Hill on Trustees, 283 ; and
this is the general rule in America; Ballard v. Carter, 5 Pick. 112 ; Richardson v. Woodbury, 43 Me. 206; Taylor v. Benham, 5 How. 270; Hughes v. Caldwell, 11 Leigh, 342 ; Jackson v . Delancy, 13 Johns . 537 ; a devise of all one's
estate passes trust property; Bangs v. Smith, 98 Mass. 273; Willard v . Ware,
10 Allen, 263; Stone v. Hackett, 12 Gray, 227; so a devise to one, his heirs