CH . XVIII . S. 2.

*458

TRUSTEES ' RECEIPTS .
money, though by 3 & 4 W. 4, c. 104, the real estate of
all persons deceased since the 29th of August, 1833, is liable,
in the hands of the heir or devisee, to the payment of debts
generally, whether by specialty or simple contract (c) .
9. Where, notwithstanding a charge of debts, the purchaser
must see to the application of his money.-And even where
the estate is subjected by the testator to a trust for payment
of debts generally, the purchaser will not be indemnified by
the receipt of the trustee if there be any collusion between
them (d) ; or if the purchaser have notice from the intrinsic
evidence of the transaction that the purchase-money is intended to be misapplied (e) ; or if a suit has been instituted
which takes the administration of the estate out of the hands
of the trustees (f) ; and these doctrines, it is conceived, are
not affected by the clauses in Lord St. Leonards' and Lord
Cranworth's Acts, [and the late Conveyancing Act] which
apply only to bonâ fide payments .
10. Purchase from trustees after a length of time.-And
if the purchaser is dealing with trustees at a great distance
of time, and when the trust ought long since to have been
executed, the purchaser is bound to enquire and satisfy himself to a fair and reasonable extent, that the trustees are
acting in the discharge of their duty(g). But where twentyseven years had elapsed, and the beneficiaries subject to the
charge had been let into possession, and the purchaser asked if there were any debts * and the ven- [*458]
dors declined to answer, it was held that the vendors
could make a good title (a), and Lord Romilly observed that
he had known so many cases where after distribution of the
assets, debts had appeared which did not exist at the death
(c) Horn v. Horn, 2 S. & S. 448.
(d) Rogers v . Skillicorne, Amb.
189, per Lord Hardwicke ; Eland v .
Eland, 4 M. & Cr. 427, per Lord Cottenham.
(e) Watkins v. Cheek, 2 S. & S.
199, Eland v. Eland, 4 M. & Cr. 427,
per Lord Cottenham; Burt v. Trueman,6Jur. N. S. 721; and see Stroughill v. Anstey, 1 De G. M. & G. 648;
Colyer v. Finch, 5 H. L. Ca. 923.
(f) Lloyd v. Baldwin, 1 Ves . 173.
(g) Stroughill v. Anstey, 1 De G.
M. & G. 654, per Lord St. Leonards;
and see Forbes v. Peacock, 11 Sim.
502; 12 Sim . 528; 11 M. & W. 637 ; 1
Ph. 717 ; Devaynes v. Robinson, 24
Beav. 93 ; Sabin v. Heape, 27 Beav.
553; McNeillie v. Acton, 2 Eq. Rep.
21.
(a) Sabin v . Heape, 27 Beav. 553.
621