*386
[CH. XVII. S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
the question who are portionists, involves the inquiry when
or at what time portions, which are regulated by peculiar
principles, are vested ; and again, even if portions may have
become vested, it remains to be asked whether they may not
have become divested on the doctrines of ademption and
satisfaction-doctrines which open a wide field of controversy, and are to some extent left still in an unsatisfactory
state .
Amount to be raised.- In the second section we shall explain (and this may be compressed within much narrower
bounds) what is the amount to be raised, both as regards the
principal sum and interest, and also as to costs; [and also in
what cases maintenance will be allowed, even though the
corpus be not vested.]
When to be raised. - In the third section we shall have to
consider at what time the portions ought to be raised, and
more particularly when portions are charged on reversionary
interests, for then either the estate must sufferby raising the
portions at a sacrifice in præsenti out of an interest to take
effect in future, or else the portionists must be left destitute
[*386]
until the reversion falls into possession.
* Mode of raising.-Lastly, in the fourth section
we shall offer some practical remarks as to the best
mode of raising the portions, as whether by sale or mortgage,
or a fall of timber, or out of mines, or in what other manner.
SECTION
I.
WHO ARE TO BE REGARDED AS PORTIONISTS .
Under this head we shall inquire : First. Who are meant
by younger children where the estate charged is settled on
an " eldest " child.
Secondly. Who are meant by younger
children where the estate charged is not settled on an
" eldest " child.
Thirdly. At what time the portions vest.
Fourthly. Of ademption and satisfaction .
Settlement on eldest son.- First. Who are meant by younger
children where the estate charged is settled on an " eldest"
child.