*451
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.
trustees justified in making the sale at all? and, Secondly :
Supposing the sale itself to be proper, is the purchaser bound
to see to the application of his purchase-money ?
First. Are the trustees justified in proceeding to a sale ?
1. Trust for sale for payment of debts.- If a testator devise
an estate to trustees, and direct a sale of it for payment of
debts on the insufficiency of the personal assets, the trustees
ought not to dispose of the realty, until it appears that the
personal fund is not equal to meet the demands of the creditors.
But the point we have here to consider is, how will
the purchaser be affected, and, as he has no means of investigating the accounts, he is not to be prejudiced should it
prove eventually that the personalty is sufficient (b).
All
that could reasonably, and which perhaps would be required
of him, is, that he should apply to the executor, where the
trustee does not sustain that character, and ask if the necessity for the sale has arisen.
However, a purchaser is prevented in such a case from dealing exclusively with the
trustee out of Court, where a suit has been instituted for the administration of the estate (c). And the Court itself cannot
make a good title where it has been found in the suit that all
the debts have been paid (d) .
2. Power of sale on insufficiency of personal estate.
But if
a testator give not the estate but a power of sale only
[*451] to * his trustees, and that conditional on the insufficiency of the personal estate, then the purchaser must
at his peril ascertain that the power can be exercised (a) .
The difference between a trust and a power is this.
In the
former case, the trustees, having the legal estate, can trans(b) Culpepper v. Aston, 2 Ch. Ca.
115, per Lord Nottingham; Keane v.
Robarts, 4 Mad. 356, per Sir J. Leach ;
Co. Lit. 290, b, note by Butler, sect.
14; Shaw v. Borrer, 1 Keen, 559;
Greetham v . Colton, 11 Jur. N. S. 848 ;
but see Fearne's P. W. 121 .
(c) Culpepper v. Aston, 2 Ch. Ca.
116, 223, per Lord Nottingham; and
see Walker v. Smalwood, Amb. 676;
and supra.
(d) Carlyon v. Truscott, 20 L. R.
Eq. 348.
(a) Culpepper v. Aston, 2 Ch . Ca.
221; Dike v. Ricks, Cro. Car. 335 ;
S. C. Sir W. Jones, 327.
Seeger, 8 Watts & S. 222. See note on trustee's liability.
In the United
States deeds contain a receipt for the purchase price, and these deeds are
necessarily signed by all the trustees, otherwise an independent receipt should
behad, signed by all the trustees .