CH. XIII.

*269

LIABILITY OF CO-EXECUTORS .

Thompson, one of three co-executors, had called in a sum
of money secured by a mortgage for a term of years, and
received the amount, and afterwards, but the same day, sent
round his clerk to his co-executors with a particular request
that they would execute the assignment and sign the receipt,
which they accordingly did.

Thompson afterwards
became bankrupt, and the money
was lost, and [*269]
thereupon a bill was filed to charge the co-executors .

Lord Northington said, " The rule that executors joining in
a receipt are all liable amounts to no more than this, that a
joint receipt given by executors is a stronger proof that they
actually joined in a receipt, because generally they have no
occasion to join for conformity. But, if it appears plainly
that one executor only received, and discharged the estate
indebted, and assigned the security, and the others joined
afterwards without any reason, and without being in a capacity to control the act of their co-executor either before or
after the act was done, what grounds has any Court in conscience to charge him ? The only act that affected the assets
was the first that discharged the debt, and, according to the
sense of the Bar, transferred the legal estate of the lands.
Then that the co-executors are not to answer for, and the
second is nugatory."

His Lordship was therefore of opinion
that the co-executors were not liable for the misapplication
by the co-executor.

Executors joining pro formâ not answerable where the joining
was a nugatory act.-The doctrine propounded in this case,
that the joint receipt of co-executors is merely a stronger
proof of the actual receipt than in the instance of co-trustees,
and that an executor as well as a trustee may rebut the presumption by positive evidence, has since been repeatedly
controverted (a).

The simple point determined, viz. that
an executor who signs shall not be answerable when the act
of signature is nugatory,may be considered as now settled.
(a) Sadler v. Hobbs, 2 B. C. C.
114; Scurfield v. Howes, 3 B. C. C.
90; Langford v. Gascoyne, 11 Ves .
333; and see Doyle v . Blake, 2 Sch .
& Lef. 243; Joy v. Campbell, 1 Sch.
& Lef. 341; Chambers v. Minchin, 7
Ves . 198; Brice v. Stokes, 11 Ves.
325; Shipbrook v. Hinchinbrook, 16
Ves . 479; Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw.
64; Re Fryer, 3 Jur. N. S. 485.