*117
[CH. VIII. S. 1.
EXECUTORY TRUSTS
over be " on dying under 21 without issue," then, if the
son die leaving issue, the grandchild may die under age and
unmarried, when the personalty will go to the son's personal
representative, while the freeholds will devolve on the
second son (a) .
11. Joint tenancy in articles construed tenancy in common.
Again, in marriage articles, as joint tenancy is an inconvenient mode of settlement on the children of the marriage (for,
during their minorities no use can be made of their portions,
as the joint tenancy cannot be severed) (b), the Court will
rectify the articles by the presumed intent of the contract,
and will permit words that would be construed a joint tenancy at law to create in equity a tenancy in common(c).
12. Words supplied in articles.-In other cases the Court
has varied the literal construction by supplying words, as
where the agreement was to lay out 200l. in the purchase of
30l. a year, to be settled on the husband and wife for their
lives, remainder to the heirs of their bodies, remainder to the
husband in fee, and, until the settlement should be made, the
2001. was to be applied to the separate use of the wife ; and,
if no settlement were executed during their joint lives, the
200l. was to go to the wife, if living, but, if she died before her
husband, then to her brother and sister ; and the wife died
before her husband, but left issue ; it was held the brother
and sister had no claim to the fund, the words " if she died
before her husband" intending plainly if she so died " without leaving issue " (d) .
[The Court has also in a modern
settlement supplied a hotchpot clause (e) .]
(a) Countess of Lincoln v. Duke
of Newcastle, 12 Ves. 228, 229.
(b) Taggart v. Taggart, 1 Sch. &
Lef. 88 , per Lord Redesdale ; and see
Rigden v. Vallier, 3 Atk. 734, and
Marryat
v .
Townley,
1 Ves . 103 .
But it would seem that an instrument executed by an infant, though
voidable, severs the joint tenancy until it is avoided; but that if the infant when of age avoids the instrument the joint tenancy will arise
again. Burnaby v. Equitable Reversionary Interest Society, 28 Ch . D.
416; Whittingham's case, 8 Rep . 42 b; Coke on Litt. 337 a, 337b; but see
May v. Hook, Coke on Litt. 246 a,
note(1).
(c) Taggart v. Taggart, 1 Sch. &
Lef. 84; Mayn v. Mayn, 5 L. R. Eq.
150.
(d) Kentish v. Newman, 1 P. W.
234; and see Targus v. Puget, 2 Ves .
194; Master v. De Croismar, 11 Beav.
184; Martin v. Martin, 2 R. & M.
507.
[(e) Miller v. Gulson, 13 L. R. Ir.
408.]