*584
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES.
[CH. XXIII. S. 1 .
such infants " the whole or any part of the income to which
such infant might be entitled in respect of such property ;"
and it was held in Re George (e), that this power did not
extend to the case of a contingent pecuniary legacy not carrying interest until the time of payment.
In this
[*584] state of the law, the Conveyancing * and Law of
Property Act, 1881, was passed, and sect. 43 omitted
the words " to which such infant might be entitled in respect
of such property," but notwithstanding the variation in the
language of the late Act, it has been held by the Court of
Appeal affirming Kay, J., that the section does not apply to
the case of a pecuniary legacy given to an infant contingently on his attaining twenty-one, followed by a residuary
gift.
In L. J. Cotton's opinion, there is in such a case no
property held in trust for an infant within the meaning of
the section until the time arises for severing the legacy from
the residue, i.e., until the infant attains twenty-one ; while in
L. J. Fry's opinion, the gift of residue which, independently
of the section, carries the income accruing during the minority to the residuary legatee is a sufficient expression of a
contrary intention within sub-sect. (3), to take the case out
of the Act (a) .
29. Where property held for an infant for life.- The section of the late Act gives rise to this further difficulty ; the
power applies to the case of "property held in trust for an
infant for life," but the surplus accumulations are to be held
" for the benefit of the person who ultimately becomes
entitled to the property from which the same arise."
It is
difficult without construing the word "property " in different
senses in the same section to attach any other meaning to
these words than that the accumulations are to be added
to and go with the corpus of the property, and it is conceived that this is the result of the clause, although its effect
is to deprive an infant, who has an absolute life interest, of
the income accrued during his minority, and not required
for his maintenance.
The difficulty no doubt arose from the
[(e) 5 Ch. D. 837.]
331; but see Re Judkin's Trust, 25
[(a) Re Dickson, 28 Ch . D. 291,
Ch. D. 743.]
297; affirmed on appeal, 29 Ch. Div .
790