CH . XVII . S. 1.

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .
*406

settled upon the child for life with remainder to the issue,
with a limitation in the case of a daughter to her husband
for life, the Court regards the limitations to the issue, and
in the case of a daughter the limitation of the life estate to
the husband as parts of the provision for the child, so that
not only the life estate of the child, but also the interests of the * children and husband are brought into [*406]
the account as parts of the advance to the child (a) .

If a father covenant to settle on his daughter and her
children and then makes a bequest to her children, this is
a satisfaction of the covenant as regards the children of the
daughter (b) .
[So where under the father's covenant the
children of a daughter became entitled as tenants in common, and the father gave legacies to one of the children of
the daughter, and to two children of a deceased child of the
daughter, it was held that the legacies were pro tanto a satisfaction of the covenant as to the interests of the legatees (c) .]

But if a father upon the marriage of his son covenant to
settle a fund upon him and his wife and children, and in
consideration thereof the father of the wife makes a settlement at the same time, and then the father of the son bequeaths a share of his estate to the son, the legacy to the
son though a satisfaction of the son's interest under the
father's settlement, is not a satisfaction of the interest of the
son's children (d) .

12. Slight differences.-The Court from its leaning against
double portions will not allow slight differences in the limitations to rebut the presumption, and by slight differences are
meant such as, in the opinion of the judge, leave the two
provisions substantially of the same nature (e).

The cases
upon the subject have generally arisen with reference to
(a) Kirk v. Eddowes, 3 Hare, 509.
Read the important observations of
V. C. p. 521; Platt v. Platt, 3 Sim .
503; and see Campbell v. Campbell,
1 L. R. Eq. 383 ; Russell v. St. Aubyn,
2 Ch. D. 398 ; Romaine v . Onslow, 24
W. R. 899 .

(6) Campbell v. Campbell, 1 L. R.
Eq. 383 ;
[Bennett v. Houldsworth, 6
Ch . D. 671.]

[(c) Bennett v. Houldsworth, 6
Ch . D. 671.]

(d) McCarogher v. Whieldon, 3
L. R. Eq. 236.

(e) Weall v . Rice, 2 R. & Μ. 268,
per Sir J. Leach;
[Tussaud v. Tussaud, 9 Ch . D. 363.]