CH. XXIII . S. 2.
*617

CONTROL OF COURT OVER POWERS .

15.
The Court will exercise a surveillance where the trustees
are before it. - Where proceedings had been taken for controlling the discretion of the trustees, Lord Hardwicke said,
" though he could not contradict the intent of the donor,
which was to leave it in the discretion of the trustees, yet
he would not dismiss the information but would still keep a
hand over them " (h).

16. After decree trustee cannot exercise even a [*617]
special power without the sanction of the Court. Where a suit has been instituted for the administration of
the trust, and a decree has been made, that attracts the
Court's jurisdiction, and the trustee cannot afterwards exercise the power without the concurrent sanction of the
Court : as if a trustee have a power of investment he cannot
make any investment without the approval of the Court (a) ;
or if a trustee have a power of appointment of new trustees,
he is not excluded from the right of nominating the person,
but the Court must give its sanction to the choice (b) ; [and
if the Court does not approve the nominee of the trustee it
will call upon the trustee to make a new nomination, and
will not appoint a person not nominated by the trustee
merely on the ground that the nominee was not approved.
Nor will the Court appoint a person not nominated by the
trustee on the mere ground of such person being more eligible than the nominee of the trustee (c) .

Effect of Order 55.-Where an action was commenced by
suit for the general execution of the trusts of a will, and an
order was made under Ord. 55, R. 3, directing certain inquiries, including an inquiry whether new trustees had been
appointed, and whether any and what steps ought to be
taken for the appointment of new trustees, and pending
the inquiry the surviving trustee appointed a new trustee
(h) Attorney-General v. Governors
of Harrow School, 2 Ves. 551 .
(a) Bethell v. Abraham, 17 L. R.
Eq. 24.
(b) Webb v. Earl of Shaftesbury,
7 Ves . 480; - v. Robarts, 1 J. &
W. 251 ; Middleton v. Reay, 7 Hare,
106; Kennedy v. Turnley, 6 Ir. Eq.
Rep . 399 ; Consterdine v . Consterdine,
31 Beav. 333; Gray v. Gray, 13 Ir.
Ch. Rep. 404; [Minors v. Battison, 1
App. Cas . 428 ; Tempest
v.
Lord
Camoys, 21 Ch . D. 571 ; Re Norris ,
27 Ch . D. 333 ; Cecil v . Langdon, 28
Ch. D. 1 ; Re Hall, 51 L. T. N. S. 901.]
[(c) Re Gadd, 23 Ch. D. 134, and
see Middleton v. Reay, ubi supra .]