CH. III. S. 2.
*42
CHARITY.

application, and no other person could be found to accept
the office, on the ground that the wife, who had a life interest to her separate use without power of anticipation, would
not be properly protected (h) .
[Settled Land Act.]-A tenant for life of settled land will
not be appointed by the Court a trustee of the settlement
under the Settled Land Act, 1882 (i).
And in one case the
Court refused to appoint two brothers trustees, and
said there must be two independent * trustees (a).
[*42]
In a recent case the Court refused to sanction the
appointment by a continuing trustee, who was a solicitor
and acted as such for the trust and for some of the beneficiaries, of his son and partner, who was also a solicitor, as a
co-trustee in the place of the retiring trustee, but intimated
that such an appointment made bonâ fide out of Court would
be valid (b).
19.
[Charity.- Where a charity has been founded for the
purpose of teaching or expounding certain religious doctrines ,
or for the exclusive benefit of persons holding certain religious views, the trusteeship of the charity should be confined
to persons holding those doctrines or views (c), and the same
rule would seem to apply where the religious object of the
charity is the primary object, though there may be a secondary object, as for instance the repairing of roads, which can
be administered as well by persons of one sect or religious
belief as of another.
But where the object of the charity is
eleemosynary, and it is not restricted to persons of any particular religious denomination, the trusteeship need not be
confined to persons holding the doctrines of the church or
sect to which the founder belonged, but the most eligible
person for the office may be selected without regard to his
religious views (d) .]
[(h) Re Lowdell's Trust, M. S. S.,
M. R. 11 June, 1877.]
[(i) Re Harrop's Trusts, 24 Ch. D.
717.]
[(a) Re Knowles' Settled Estates,
27 Ch . D. 707.]
[(b) Re Norris, 27 Ch . D. 333.]
[(c) Re Ilminster Free School, 4
Jur. N. S. 676 ; S. C. nom . Baker v.
Lee, 8 H. L. C. 495 ; Attorney-General v. Pearson,3 Mer. 353 ; AttorneyGeneral v . St. John's Hospital, Bath,
2 Ch . D. 554.]
[(d) Attorney-General v . St. John's
Hospital, Bath, ubi sup.]