*299
[CH. XIV. S. 3.
IMPLIED CONVERSION.
[*299]
* 3 .
Intention to give right of enjoyment in specie
may be collected from the bequest.-But an intention
that the property should be enjoyed in specie may appear
from the form of the bequest, or be collected from the terms
in which it is expressed.
Thus if there be a specific bequest
of leaseholds or of stock the specific legatee will take the
rents or dividends (a).
And a power of varying the securities expressly given to the executors will not prejudice the
right of the specific legatee, for the testator is held to have
given the executors the authority, not with the intention of
varying the relative rights of the legatees, but merely with
the view of adding security to the property (b) .
4. Use of word "rents."-Again, if after a mention of
leaseholds, there is a general direction to pay rents to the
tenant for life, this is held sufficient to prevent the application of the general rule (c), though it is doubtful upon the
authorities whether the use of the word rents in connection
with a gift containing no mention of leaseholds would have
the same effect (d). A mere mention of "dividends" is certainly not sufficient to authorize the non-conversion of
property to invest otherwise than in 3 per cent. Bank Annuities, see post, sect. 4 of this chapter.
(a) Vincent v. Newcombe, Younge,
599; Lord v. Godfrey, 4 Mad. 455.
But it is not necessary that the bequest should technically be specific
in order to entitle the tenant for life
to enjoy the income in specie; see
Pickering v. Pickering, 4 M. & Cr.
299; Hubbard v . Young, 10Beav. 205;
Harris v. Poyner, 1 Drew. 181.
The
case of Mills v. Mills, 7 Sim. 501, is
contrary to the other authorities, and
is not law.
(b) Lord v. Godfrey, 4 Mad. 455;
and see Morgan v. Morgan, 14 Beav .
72; Re Llewellyn's Trust, 29 Beav .
171.
[If leaseholds which a tenant
for life is entitled to enjoy in specie,
be taken by a Company under the
provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, or sold under the
Settled Estates Act, the purchasemoney should be converted into an
annuity having the same duration as
the lease, which should be paid to
the person who would for the time
being have received the rents of the
leaseholds .
Askew v. Woodhead, 14
Ch. D. 27; Re Walsh's Trusts, 7 L.
R. Ir. 554.
As to the application of
the purchase-money in the case of
sales under the Settled Land Act,
1882,
of leasehold or reversionary
interests ; see sect. 34 of the Act. ]
(c) Blann v. Bell, 2 De G. M. & G.
775; Crowe v. Crisford, 17Beav. 507;
Hood v . Clapham, 19 Beav. 90; Marshall v . Bremner, 2 Sm. & G. 237 ; Re
Elmore's Trusts, 6 Jur. N. S. 1325;
and see Thursby v. Thursby, 19 L.R.
Eq. 395.
(d) See Goodenough
v. Tremamondo, 2 Beav. 512; Hunt v. Scott,
1De G. & Sm . 219 ; Wearing v. Wearing, 23 Beav. 99 ; Pickup v. Atkinson,
4Hare, 624; Craig v. Wheeler, 29 L.
J. N. S. Ch. 374; Vachell v. Roberts,
32 Beav. 140.
414