*317
[CH . XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
rity to the tenant for life himself (a).
And when the Court
has assumed the administration of the estate by the institution of a suit, it will not direct an investment on personal
security, though there be a power to lay out on either personal or Government security, but will order all future
investments to be made on Government security (b) .
A power to lend on personal security may mean on the
security of personal property, or the security of the personal
undertaking of the borrower, and where the trustees had the
last mentioned power and lent upon a note of hand, the Court
allowed the loan, but directed a bond to be taken (c) .
24. Where empowered to lend on personal security, trustee
may not accommodate a person.
Where the trustees of a
sum of money for A. for life, remainder for her children,
were authorised by the settlement to lend the trust fund
upon real or personal security as should be thought good and
sufficient, and the trustees lent it to a person in trade whom
A. had married, and the money was lost, they were made
responsible for the amount.
Sir William Grant said, " The
authority did not extend to an accommodation : it was evident the trustees had, upon the marriage, been induced to
accommodate the husband with the sum, which they had no
power to do " (d) .
And in another case, where a trustee
was even required at the request of the wife to advance
money to the husband upon his bond, and the husband took
the benefit of the Insolvent Act, and the wife requested the
trustee to advance 801. to the husband upon his bond, and
the trustee refusing, the wife filed her bill to have the trustee
removed, the Court said, " that so total a change had taken
place in the circumstances and position of the husband, that
the clause in question became no longer applicable to him
(a) Keays v. Lane , 3 I. R. Eq. 1.
But a tenant for life whose consent
is necessary to
the
exercise of a power of sale by trustees, may purchase from the trustees.
See post, c.
XVIII . S. 3.
(b) Holmes v. Moore, 2 Moll. 328.
(c) Pickard v. Anderson, 13 L. R.
Eq. 608.
(d) Langston v. Ollivant,G. Coop .
33.
In this case, as the person to
whom the money was lent was a
trader, it has been inferred that under
a power to lend on personal security
the trustee cannot lend to a trader, but
the Court has never yet gone to that
extent .