CH. XVIII . S. 2.

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.

461

ing off the money, and who but the trustee can receive it
back (c).

Indeed a power of investment has been held to
carry with it a power of varying the securities (d) .

Where,
however, the trustee was directed to invest upon security,
but real security was not mentioned, and he lent upon a
mortgage, the Court did not think it so clear that the trustee
could sign a receipt when the money was paid off as to
compel a purchaser to take a title which depended on that
question (e) .

The power of signing a receipt in such cases
turns on the intention as collected from the instrument, and
unless it contain authority to lend on a mortgage no power of
signing a receipt when the mortgage money is paid off is
implied.

14. Power of sale and exchange.-A power of signing
receipts was held not to be implied in a power of sale and
exchange (f) .

But in that case it was a mere power of sale
and exchange and not the ordinary power inserted in settlements, accompanied with directions for laying out on another
purchase with interim investment on securities.

15. Charge of debts.-The case in which a testator,
instead of devising the estate upon an express trust for payment of debts, creates a charge of debts upon his real estate,
seems to require particular examination.
It might have been
a simple and useful rule to hold under such circumstances
that the executor, and the executor only, as the person who has
administration of the personal assets, should, by virtue of an
implied power, sell the real estate for payment of the debts ;
but no such rule ever existed, and we proceed, therefore,
to ascertain, as far as we can, by what principle the Court is
guided.

a. Devise to trustees with a charge of debts.-If a testator
charge his real estate with debts, and then devises it to trustees upon certain trusts, which do not provide for a sale or
perhaps even negative the intention of conferring a power
of sale, can the trustees give a good title to a purchaser?
It is clear that [subject to the restrictions arising under the

(e) Wood v. Harman, 5 Mad. 368.
(d) Re Cooper's Trust, W.N. 1873, p. 87 .
(f) Cox v. Cox, 1 K. & J. 251.