CH. IX. S. 1.

*154
RESULTING TRUSTS .
between the cases of real estate and personal estate ; and so
realty appointed under a general power to trustees for purposes which fail will result to the appointor and go as part of
his realty (c). But where the appointment is made directly to
the person intended to be beneficially interested without the
interposition of any trustee, on the death of the appointee
in the lifetime of the donee of the power the appointment
wholly fails, and the appointed funds will revert to the persons entitled in default of appointment (d) .

Fourthly. In a gift of the whole, subject to a charge that
may not arise, no trust results.-It often happens, that the
settlor makes a primary disposition of the whole property to
A. subject to a particular charge in favour of B., and the
charge in event either wholly or partially fails so as either
not to divest, or only pro tanto to divest the estate of A.
The reader must distinguish the preceding cases of resulting
trust from such a gift as this ; for here, as the entirety is disposed of in the first instance to A., so far as the charge does
not exhaust it, there can nothing result to the heir, even should
the charge not take effect.

The distinction was thus
stated by Sir J. Leach :- * " If the devise," he said, [*154]
" to a particular person, or for a particular purpose,
be intended by the testator to be an exception from the gift
to the residuary devisee, the heir takes the benefit of the
failure ; but if it be intended to be a charge only upon the
estate devised, and not an exception from the gift, the devisee will be entitled to the benefit of the failure " (a) .

Eq. 310; [Wilkinson v. Schneider, 9
L. R. Eq. 423 ; Re Pinède's Settlement,
12 Ch. D. 667; Re Ickeringill's Estate,
17 Ch. D. 151; Rous v. Jackson, 29 Ch .
D. 521 ; Re Horton, 51 L. T. N. S.
420.]

Chamberlain v. Hutchinson,
22 Beav. 444; Mansell v. Price, Sug.
Powers .
Appendix.

[" In all cases
of this class the question is one of intention,namely, whether the donee of
the power meant by the exercise of it
to take the property dealt with out of
the instrument creating the power for
all purposes or only for the limited
purpose ofgiving effect to the particular disposition expressed" per V. C.
I.
Re De Lusi's Trusts, 3 L. R. Ir.
232, 237, approved by M. R. Re Pinède's Settlement, ubi sup.; Re Van
Hagan, 16 Ch . D. 18 ; Willoughby
Osborne
r. Holyoake, 22 Ch.
D.
238.]

[(c) Re Van Hagan, 16 Ch . D.
18.]

[ (d) Re Davies' Trusts, 13 L. R.
Eq. 163; Re De Lusi's Trusts, 3 L. R.
Ir. 232.]

(a) Cooke v . The Stationers' Company, 3 M. & Κ. 264.

213