*31
[CH. III. S. 2.
THE SOVEREIGN.

It has not been determined whether the subject can, by any legal process, enforce the performance of the trust.
The right of the cestui que trust is sufficiently clear, but the defect lies in the remedy (a).

A Court of Equity has no jurisdiction over the king's conscience, for that it is a power delegated by the king to the
chancellor to exercise the king's equitable authority between subject and subject (b).

The old Court of Exchequer had, in its character of a court of revenue, an especial superintendence over the royal property ; and it has been thought
that through that channel a cestui que trust might indirectly obtain the relief to which, on the general principles of equity,
he was confessedly entitled. No such jurisdiction, however, appears to have been known when Lord Hale was Chief
Baron (c).

Lord Hardwicke once observed in Chancery " I will not decree a trust against the Crown in this Court, but it is a notion established in courts of revenue by modern
decisions that the king may be a royal trustee "(d); but the doctrine was still unsettled in the time of Lord Northington (e) ; and in a more recent case (f),
it was decided that though the Court of Exchequer could decree the possession of the property according to the equitable title, it had no
jurisdiction to direct the Crown to convey the legal estate.

The subject may undoubtedly appeal to the sovereign
[*31]
by presenting a petition of right (g), and it cannot
be supposed that the fountain of justice would not
do justice (a).

(a) Paulett v. Attorney-General, Hard. 467, 469; Burgess v. Wheate,
1 Ed. 255 ; Kildare v. Eustace, 1 Vern. 439 ;
[and see Rustomjee v.
The Queen, 2 Q. B. D. 69, where it
was held that in Sovereign acts, such
as the making and performing of a
treaty with another Sovereign, the
Crown could not be a trustee for a
subject] .

(b) Said by counsel in Paulett v.
Attorney-General, Hard. 468.

(c) See Paulett v. Attorney-General, Hard. 467, 469 ; and see Wilkes'
case, Lane, 54.

(d) Penn v. Lord Baltimore, 1 Ves .
453 ; and see Reeve v. Attorney-General, 2 Atk. 224; Hovenden v. Lord
Annesley, 2 Sch. & Lef. 617 .

(e) See Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Ed.
(f) Hodge v. Attorney-General, 3
Y. & C. 342.

(g) As to the transfer of the equity jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer
to the Court of Chancery, see 5 Vic. c. 5, s. 1; and Attorney-General v.
Corporation of London, 8 Beav . 270,
1 H. L. Ca. 440.

As to petitions of right, see 23 & 24 Vic. c. 34.

(a) Scounden v. Hawley, Comb.
172, per Dolben, J.; Reeve v. Attorney-General, cited Penn v. Lord Baltimore, 1 Ves . 446.
36