*186
[Сн. Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
will not be helped by a fine levied (k), or evenby a
[*186] release from the cestui que trust, if executed * by him
while in ignorance of the facts of the case (a) . However, a purchaser will stand in the place of his assignor in respect
of any allowances for expenses incurred in the renewal (b) .
16. Limitation of time.
A cestui que trust will be barred
of his remedy if he be guilty of long acquiescence, as, in one
case, for a period of fifteen years (c) ; and in another case
concerning a lease of mines (which stand on a peculiar footing,) relief was refused after a period of nine years (d), and
continual claim by the cestui que trust, if without any effective step to enforce the right, will be of no avail (e) .
17. Case of trustee of a lease purchasing the reversion.- If
the trustee of a lease become the purchaser of the reversion
Sir W. Grant said, that, as he thereby intercepts and cuts off
the chance of future renewals, and consequently makes use
of his situation to prejudice the interests of those who stand
behind him, there might be some sort of equity in a claim to
have the reversion considered as a substitution for those
interests, but his Honour was not aware of any determination to that effect (f) .
[However it has recently been
held in a case in Ireland that a trustee of leaseholds customarily renewable, who purchased the reversion at a sale by
auction was a constructive trustee for the persons beneficially interested in the leaseholds (g) ; and in another recent case where the assignee of the tenant for life of lease
holds which had been customarily renewable, but which the
Ecclesiastical Commissioners had refused to renew any
more, purchased the reversion, it was held that he hadbecome a trustee of the reversion for the benefit of the persons
(k) Bowles v. Stewart, 1 Sch. &
Lef. 209.
(a) Bowles v. Stewart, 1 Sch. &
Lef. 209.
(b) Coppin v . Fernyhough, 2 B. C.
C. 291.
(c) Isald v. Fitzgerald, cited Owen
v . Williams, Amb. 735, 737 ; and see
Norris v . Le Neve, 3 Atk. 38; Jackson v . Welsh, Ll. & G. Rep. t. Plunket, 346.
(d) Clegg v. Edmondson, 8 De G.
M. & G. 787 .
(e) Clegg v. Edmondson, 8 De G.
M. & G. 787 .
(f) Randall v. Russell, 3 Mer. 197 ;
and see Hardman v. Johnson, ib. 347;
Norris v. Le Neve, 3 Atk. 37 and 38;
Lesley's case, 2 Freem. 52 ; Fosbroke
v. Balguy, 1 M. & K. 226; Giddings v.
Giddings , 3 Russ. 241 .
[(g) Gabbett v. Lawder, 11 L. R.
258