*436
[CH. XVIII . S. 1 .
TRUSTEES FOR SALE .
39. Conditions of sale.-A trustee may sell subject to any
reasonable conditions of sale (f), but would not be justified
in clogging the property with restrictions that were evidently
uncalled for by the state of the title (g) .
(Prior to the recent enactments it was] usual, in penning a trust for sale, to
give express authority to the trustees to insert special conditions of sale ; [but] as to trusts created after 28th August,
1860, and where the settlement did not otherwise direct,
trustees
[were authorised by Lord Cranworth's] Act to
insert such special or other stipulations, either as to title or
evidence of title or otherwise, as they might think
[*436] fit (h) .
(This enactment has
since *been
repealed (a), but its place had been previously supplied by the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881,
s. 35, which provides that, as to trusts for sale and powers of
sale created by instruments coming into operation after the
31st day of December, 1881, trustees may, unless the instrument creating the trust or power otherwise provides, sell or
concur with any other persons in selling, subject to any such
conditions respecting title and evidence of title or other matter, as they think fit (b).] But still this would be no warrant
for the introduction of stipulations which are plainly not
rendered necessary by the state of the title, and are calculated to damp the success of the sale ; [as, for instance, a
condition limiting the commencement of the title to a recent
date where there is no difficulty in giving the earlier title
and no special advantage in withholding it, or a condition
making all recitals in the abstracted documents conclusive
evidence of the matters recited, or a condition that the property is sold subject to the existing tenancies, restrictive covenants, and other incidents of tenure (if any) when there are
(f) Hobson v. Bell, 2 Beav. 17.
(g) Wilkins v. Fry, 2 Rose, 375 ;
S. C. 1 Mer. 268 ; Rede v. Oakes, 4
De G. J. & S. 505, 10 Jur. N. S. 1246;
Dance v . Goldingham, 8 L. R. Ch .
App . 902;
[Dunn v. Flood, 25 Ch. D.
629 ; 28 Ch . Div. 586.]
(h) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145, s. 2.
[(a) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38, s. 64. The
repeal is not to affect the operation,
effect, or consequence of any instrument executed or made before the
commencement of the Act.
The section of Lord Cranworth's Act may
therefore be called in aid in cases of
settlements executed after 28th Aug.
1860, and prior to the Conveyancing
and Law of Property Act, 1881.]
[(b) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 35.]