*253
[CH. XIII.
DELEGATION OF THE TRUST .
be personally responsible for any loss that may re[*253 ] sult (f) .
But trustees were held not * to be responsible where they drew a cheque and delivered it to a
co-trustee, but crossed with the names of bankers to whom
the money was meant to be paid, and to whom it was payable in the due execution of the trust, and the co-trustee (as
the Court assumed) erased the crossing and received the
money himself ; for such receipt was a fraud on the trustees,
and not the result of any act of theirs (a).
2. Balchen v. Scott.-The case of Balchen v. Scott (b), is
no exception to the general rule ; for there an executor had
received a bill of exchange by the post from a debtor to the
estate, and transmitted it to his co-executor, and it was held,
that by this proceeding the executor had not acted in the
trust (c), and therefore was no more answerable for the
application of the money by the co-executor, than any
stranger would have been under similar circumstances.
3. Churchill v . Hobson . -In Churchill v. Hobson (d), an executor had paid 500l. into the hands of his co-executor, who
misapplied it, and it was ruled by the Court that he was not
bound to make it good; but the decision is universally considered as having turned upon the circumstance that the coexecutor was a banker, and had been trusted by the testator in his lifetime, besides being made his executor at his
death (e) .
Lord Harcourt, in his judgment, observed, " The
[(f) But in the ordinary course
of business trustees may employ brokers and
solicitors as their agents
without being liable for their acts .
"A trustee," said L. J. Lindley, " has
no business to cast upon brokers, or
solicitors, or anybody else, the duty
of performing those trusts and exercising that judgment and discretion
which he is bound to perform and
exercise himself.
On the other hand
a trustee is not bound to do everything himself. A trustee is entitled
to employ brokers and solicitors to
do that which in the ordinary course
of business other people would employ brokers and solicitors to do;"
and in the same case, L. J. Bowen
said, " The proposition as to trustees
and agents that they cannot delegate
means this simply-that a man employed to do a thing himself has not
the right to get somebody else to do
it, but when he is employed to get it
done through others he may do so."
Re Speight, 22 Ch . D. 727, 756, 763 ;
9 App. Cas . 1.
(a) Barnard v. Bagshaw, 3 De G.
J. & S. 355.
(b) 2 Ves . jun. 678.
(c) As the executor had proved
the will he wouldbe deemed at the
present day to have accepted
the trust.
See ante, p. 201 .
(d) 1 P. W. 241 .
(e) See
Harrison
v. Graham, 3
348