*529
[Сн. ХХІ.
TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES .
[*529]
4. Jurisdiction of the Court over corporate bodies . —With this visitatorial power the Court has nothing to do : it is only as respects the administration of the corporate property that equity assumes to itself any right of interference (f) .
*5.
Informal election.- Mal-administration.
Upon
the ground of this distinction between the visitatorial
power and the management of the revenue, an information
for the removal of governors or other corporators, as having
been irregularly appointed, would be dismissed with costs (a) ;
but wherever the administration of the property by the governors can be shown to have a tendency to pervert the end
of the institution, the Court will immediately interpose, and
put a stop to such wrongful application (6) .
6. How property newly given is affected by the visitatorial
power. - An estate newly bestowed upon an old corporation
is not to be regarded in the same light as property with
which the charity was originally endowed.
The visitatorial
power is forum domesticum-the private jurisdiction of the
founder ; and the new gift will not be made subject to it,
unless the will of the donor be either actually expressed to
that effect, or is to be collected by necessary implication (c) .
(f) See the observations of Lord
Commissioner Eyre in Attorney-General v . The Governors of the Foundling Hospital, 2 Ves . jun. 47.
But
Chief Baron Richards once observed,
he had been of counsel in the Foundling Hospital case, and he remembered some of the first men of the
barwere not satisfied with the decision; In re Chertsey Market, 6 Price,
272.
See also the
observations of
Lord Hardwicke in Attorney-General
v . Lock, 3 Atk. 165 ;
and see upon
this subject generally Ex parte Berkhampstead Free School, 2 V. & B.
138; The Poor of Chelmsford v. Mildmay, Duke, 83 ; Attorney-General v.
Earl of Clarendon, 17 Ves . 499 ; Eden
v. Foster, 2 P. W. 326 ; Attorney-General v. Dixie, 13 Ves. 533 , 539 ; Attorney-General v. Corporation of Bedford, 2 Ves . 505; 5 Sim. 578; Attorney-General v. Browne's Hospital, 17
Sim. 137; Attorney-General v. Dedham School, 23 Beav. 350 ; Daugars
v. Rivaz, 28 Beav. 233.
(a) Attorney-General v. Earl
of
Clarendon, 17Ves. 491, see 498; Whiston v. Dean and Chapter of Rochester, 7Hare, 532; Attorney-General v.
Dixie, 13 Ves. 519 ; Attorney-General
v . Middleton, 2 Ves. 327, see 330;
Attorney-General v. Dulwich College,
4 Beav. 255; Attorney-General
v .
Magdalen College, Oxford, 10 Beav.
402; Attorney-General v. Corporation
of Bedford, Id. 505; In re Bedford
Charity, 5 Sim . 578 .
(b) See Attorney-General v.
St.
Cross Hospital, 17 Beav. 435; Attorney-General v. The Governors of the
Foundling Hospital, 2 Ves. jun. 48;
Attorney-General v. Earl of Clarendon, 17 Ves . 499.
(c) Green v. Rutherforth, 1 Ves.
sen . 472, per Lord Hardwicke.