CH . VIII. S. 2.

*132

IMPLIED TRUSTS .

3. No trust raised where there is uncertainty.-But precatory words will be held to express a wish only, and not a
command, if it be impracticable for the Court to deal with
it as a trust; as if a testator devise a house to his wife and
express a wish that his sister should live with her, for here
no interest in the house is given to the sister, and how can
the Court compel the widow and sister to live together (c) ?
and the like construction will prevail where either the
objects intended to be benefited are imperfectly described (d) ,
or the amount of the property to which the trust should
attach is not sufficiently defined (e) ; for the difficulty that
would attend the execution of such imperfect trusts is converted by the Court into an argument that no trust was
really intended (f) .
The rule
as laid down by Lord
Alvanley, and since recognized as the correct principle, is,
that a trust is created in those cases only " where a testator
points out the objects, the property, and the way in which it
shall go " (g) .

4. Secus .
Where the uncertainty arises from want of evidence.-But although uncertainty in the object will unquestionably furnish a reason for holding no trust to have been
intended by precatory words, it will be otherwise where the
(c) Graves v. Graves, 13 Ir. Ch.
Rep. 182; and see Hood v. Oglander,
34 Beav. 513 .
(d) Harland v. Trigg, 1 B. С. С.
142; Tibbits v. Tibbits, 19 Ves . 664,
per LordEldon; Richardson v. Chapman, 1 Burn's Eccles. Law, 245; Pierson v. Garnet, 2 B. C. C. 45, per Lord
Kenyon ; S. C. id. 230, per Lord Thurlow; Knight v. Knight, 3 Beav. 173,
per Lord Langdale; Sale v. Moore,
1 Sim. 534; Cary v. Cary, 2 Sch. &
Lef. 189, per Lord Redesdale ; Meredith v. Heneage, 1 Sim. 542, see 558 ,
559, 565 ; Ex parte Payne, 2 Y. & C.
636;
Reid v. Atkinson, 5 I. R. Eq.
162, 373.
(e) Lechmere v. Lavie, 2 M. & K.
197; Knight v. Knight, 3 Beav. 148 ;
Meredith v. Heneage, 1 Sim. 556 ;
Buggins v. Yates, 9 Mod. 122; Sale v.
Moore, 1 Sim. 534; Anon. Case, 8
Vin . 72 ; Tibbits v. Tibbits, 19 Ves .
664, per Lord Eldon ; Wynne v. Hawkins, 1 B. C. C. 179; Pierson v. Garnet, 2 B. C. C. 45, per Lord Kenyon ;
S. C. ib . 230, per Lord
Thurlow ;
Bland v. Bland, 2 Cox,349; Le Maitre
v. Bannister, cited in note to Eales v.
England, Pr. Ch . 200 ; Sprange v.
Barnard, 2 В. С. С. 585 ; Pushman
v. Filliter, 3 Ves. 7; Attorney-General
v . Hall, Fitzg . 314 ; Wilson v. Major,
11 Ves . 205; Eade v. Eade, 5 Mad.
118; Curtis v. Rippon, 5 Mad. 434 ,
Russell v. Jackson, 10 Hare, 213.
(f) Morice v. Bishop of Durham,
10 Ves . 536, per Lord Eldon.
(g) Malim v . Keighley, 2 Ves. jun .
335.
See Knight v . Boughton, 11 Cl.
& Fin. 548, 551 ; Briggs v. Penny, 3
Mac. & G. 546 ; Greene v. Greene , 3
I. R. Eq. 631 ; [Stead v. Mellor, 5 Ch.
D. 225.]