CH. XVIII . S. 1.

*437

TRUSTEES FOR SALE .

no such tenancies or covenants (c), but a condition limiting
the title to ten years in a case where the land was broken up
into small lots, and the condition was inserted for the purpose of saving expense, was held by the Court of Appeal,
overruling North, J., to be reasonable and proper under the
special circumstances (d) .
And] trustees would, it is conceived, be justified in inserting a condition, now not uncommon, empowering the vendor, if unable, or unwilling, for
reasonable cause, to remove the purchaser's objection, to cancel the contract.
Such a condition may be depreciatory at
the sale itself, and yet beneficial in its results (e) .
[40. If trustees have agreed to sell property subject to
conditions of such a nature that the sale could be impeached by the cestuis que trust, the Court will not, at the
instance of the trustees, enforce the contract against the
purchaser (f) .
41. As a tenant for life selling under the powers of the
Settled Land Act, 1882, is by sect. 53, in relation to the
exercise of the power to have the duties and liabilities of a trustee, it is conceived * that the same rules [*437]
with regard to depreciatory conditions apply to him
as to any other trustee.]
42. Selling in lots. -There is no rule to prevent the trustees from selling in lots, should the auctioneer or other experienced person recommend it as the most advisable course (a),
and this liberty is now given by express enactment as to trusts
created since 28th August, 1860, where the settlement does
not direct the contrary (b) .
[43. Cheque for deposit. -A trustee or mortgagee is justified, on the sale of a property of large value, in allowing the
custom of auctioneers to accept a cheque in lieu of cash for
[(c) Dunn v. Flood, 25 Ch. D. 629 ;
28 Ch. Div. 586.]
[(d) Dunn v . Flood, 28 Ch. Div.
586.]
(e) Falkner v. Equitable Reversionary Society, 4Drew. 352.
[(f) Dunn v. Flood, 25 Ch. D. 629 ;
28 Ch. Div. 586.]