*512
[CH. XX. S. 1 .
VALIDITY OF TRUST
of them (f), or all the creditors at large (g), for by the
assignment of his whole substance the bankrupt became
utterly insolvent ; and if the trust was for one or some only
of his creditors, it was a fraud upon the rest, and if it was
for all the creditors, it was a fraud upon the spirit of the
bankruptcy laws, which require a bankrupt's estate to be
under the management of certain commissioners and assignees appointed as prescribed by the legislature - not of persons nominated by the debtor himself, and so more likely
to further his views than promote the interest of the creditors (h) .
[*512]
* 7. Where deed could be supported.
But in order
to avoid the deed, there must have been in the existence a debt due at the time of its execution (a) ; and the
assignment, though void as against creditors and the assignees
in bankruptcy (b), was good as between the parties themselves (c) .
And assignments for valuable consideration at
the full price, where the purchaser was not party or privy
to the fraudulent designs of the vendor (d), or for less than
the full price, if the transaction was bonâ fide (e), and mort
gages made bonâ fide for fresh advances (f), or to secure
payment of old debts and further advances combined (g),
were not acts of bankruptcy and could not be impeached ;
and a conveyance and assignment by a trader bonâ fide of
C. Doug. 89, note; Hooper v . Smith,
1 W. Bl. 442, per Lord Mansfield;
Worseley v. De Mattos, 1 Burr . 467 ;
Newton v . Chantler, 7 East, 138.
Burr. 476; Simpson v. Sikes, 6 M: &
S. 312.
(a) Ex parte Taylor, 5 De G. M.
&G. 392 ; Ex parte Thomas, De Gex,
612; Ex parte Louch, De Gex, 463 ;
Oswald v. Thompson, 2 Exch . 215.
(f) Ex parte Foord, cited Worseley v. De Mattos, 1 Burr. 477 ; Alderson v. Temple, 4 Burr. 2240, per Lord
Mansfield ; Butcher v. Easto, Doug.
282;
Devon
v . Watts , Doug . 86 ;
Hooper v. Smith, 1 W. Bl. 442, per
Lord Mansfield .
υ.
(g) Kettle v . Hammond, 1 Cooke's
B.
L. 108, 3d
edit.;
Eckhardt
Wilson, 8 T. R. 140 ; Tappenden v.
Burgess , 4 East, 230; Dutton v. Morrison, 17 Ves . 199, per Lord Eldon ;
Simpson v . Sikes, 6 M. & S. 312 .
(h) See Dutton v. Morrison, 17
Ves . 199; Worseley v. De Mattos, 1
166.
(b) Doe v . Ball, 11 M. & W. 531 .
(c) Bessey v. Windham, 6 Q. B.
(d) Baxter v. Pritchard, 1 Ad. &
Ell. 456; Rose v . Haycock, Ib. 460 ;
Smith v. Hurst, 10 Hare, 30.
(e) Lee v . Hart, 10 Exch. 555.
(f) Bittlestone v. Cooke, 6 Ell . &
Bl. 296; Hutton v. Cruttwell, 1 Ell.
& Bl. 15 ; Harris v. Rickett, 4 H. &
N. 1; Re Colemere, 1 L. R. Ch. App.
128.
(g) Whitmore v. Dowling, 2 Foster
& Finlason, 134.
694