CH. XII . S. 2.

*235

TRUSTEE'S RIGHT TO VOTE.

bankruptcy notice on the debtor under sect. 4, subsect. (g)
of the Bankruptcy Act, 1883.
But the trustee can serve a good bankruptcy notice without the concurrence of the cestui que trust.

25. Trustee if in possession votes for coroners.
The trustee as the legal proprietor had originally the right of voting
for coroners (i) (1) ; but by 58 G. 3, c. 95, sect. 2, it was
transferred to the cestui que trust in possession. This
act, however, * has since been repealed (a), and the [*235]
matter now stands as it did before any legislative interference (b) .

26. Trustee's right to vote for a member of parliament.- So
the trustee was the person entitled at common law to vote for
members of parliament (c).
But by the 74th section of 6 & 7
Vict. c. 18 (d), it is enacted, that " no trustee of any lands or
tenements shall in any case have a right to vote in any such
election for or by reason of any trust estate therein, but that
the cestui que trust in actual possession or in the receipt of
the rents and profits thereof, though he may receive the same
through the hands of the trustee, shall and may vote for the
same notwithstanding such trust," and by the 5th section of
30 & 31 Vict. c. 102, the right of voting is conferred upon
persons who are seised at law or in equity, of lands or tenements of the yearly value of five pounds.
[But a person
entitled to a share of the proceeds of the sale of real estate
held on a trust for conversion has not such an estate as will
entitle him to vote (e) .]

(i) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,251.
(a) 7 & 8 Vict. c. 92.
(b) Regina v. Day, 2 Ell. & Bl.
859; see post, Ch. xxvi, s. 1 .
(c) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Eden,
251, per Lord Northington.
(d) As to the effect of certain intermediate statutes
see 3d Ed.
p.
270.
[(e) Spencer v. Harrison, 5 С. Р.
D. 97.]
(1) And Lord Northington added for " sheriffs " (Burgess v.Wheate, 1 Eden,
251) but the election of sheriffs had been transferred from the people to the
Chancellor, Treasurer, and Judges, by 9 E. 2, st. 2, before the establishment
of trusts.
1 Ex parte Dearle, 14,Q. B. D. 184.
2 Ibid.
323