*181
[Сн. Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
which an infant was incapable. Upon this the trustee
[*181] took a lease * for the benefit of himself; but Lord King
said, " I very well see, if a trustee, on the refusal to
renew, might have a lease to himself, few trust estates would
loco parentis ; Williams v . Williams, 63 Md. 371 ; Million v. Taylor, 38 Ark.
428; likewise of gift to parent; Roberts v. Barker, 63 N. H. 332 ; Wright v.
Vanderplank, 2 Kay and J. 1; see Bradshaw v. Yates, 67 Mo. 221 ; as to
blood relatives generally, see Prince v. Prince, 67 Ala. 565; Robins v. Hope,
57 Cal . 493; Lett v. Emmett, 37 N. J. Eq. 535; White v. Smith, 51 Ala. 405;
Bradley v . Fuller, 118 Mass . 239.
As to co-tenants, see Mathews v. Bliss, 22
Pick. 48; Morse v. Bassett, 132 Mass . 502 .
Weak-minded persons .-Stout v . Smith, 98 N. Y. 25 ; but see Reed v. Peterson, 91 III. 288 ; Selden v. Myers, 20 How. 506 ; reading papers of which they
do not get the purport; Trambly v. Ricard, 130 Mass. 259; Mullen v. Old
Colony R. R. Co. 127 Mass. 86 ; if they sell at inadequate price, there is a
presumption against the sale; Moore v. Moore,56 Cal . 89 ; Storrs v. Scongale,
48 Ala. 3873 gift; Davis v. Dean, 66 Wis . 100; fairness in transaction ;
Rogers v. Higgins, 56 Ill. 244; Galpin v. Wilson, 40 Ia. 90.
Equity will also
relieve in case of drunkenness and duress ; Barrett v. Buxton, 2 Ark. 167;
Belcher v. Belcher, 10 Yerg. 121; Phillips v. Moore, 11 Mo. 600; Calloway
ข. Witherspoon, 5 Ired. Eq. 128 .
The Statute of Frauds . - This statute will not interfere with the proof of
fraud, either actual or constructive, otherwise it would aid that which it is
intended to prevent ; Ryan v. Dox, 34 N. Y. 307 ; and generally it will not
exclude proof of trusts growing out of the acts rather than the agreements of
parties; Campbell v . Dearborn, 109 Mass. 130, where the question is considered and the authorities reviewed at length; Ferguson v. Haas, 64 N. C. 772;
Judd v. Mosely, 30 Ia. 428 ; Squire's App . 70 Pa. St. 268 ; where a deed has
been fraudulently obtained which is different in its import and effect from
whatwas intended by all the parties thereto, equity will grant relief; Russell v.
Southard,12 How . 139 ; Phillips v . Phillips, 50 Mo. 603 ; Jenkins v. Eldredge,
3 Story, 181 ; Sprigg v. Bank, 14 Pet. 2013; Hughes v. Edwards, 9 Wheat. 489;
Babcock v . Wyman, 19 How . 289 ; Flagg v. Mann, 14 Pick. 467 ; Browne v.
Dewey, 1 Sandf. Ch . 56 ; Conway v . Alexander, 7 Cranch, 218; Eaton v. Green,
22 Pick. 526; the bill must contain a plain case of fraud; Gouverneur v.
Elmendorf, 5 Johns . Ch. 79; Forsyth v . Clark, 3 Wend. 637 ; Kennedy v.
Kennedy, 2 Ala. 571 ; and parol is admissible to prove it, even though it alters
or destroys a written instrument; Barrell v. Hanrick, 42 Ala. 60; Miller v.
Cotten, 5 Ga. 346 ; Christ v . Diffenbach, 1 Serg. & R. 464 ; likewise if, through
mistake or accident, an instrument does not show the real intention of the
parties; Peterson v. Grover, 20 Me. 363 ; Hunt v . Rousmanier, 8 Wheat. 174;
Blanchard v . Moore, 4 J. J. Marsh. 471 ; Gower v. Sterner, 2 Whart. 75; but
if through negligence, or ignorance of law, a deed is incomplete it cannot be
reformed if the defendant claims that it covers all that was originally intended; Dwight v. Pomroy, 17 Mass. 303 ; Wheaton v. Wheaton, 9 Conn. 96;
Chamness v . Crutchfield, 2 Ired. Eq. 148 ; Garwood v . Eldridge, 1 Green. Ch .
146; and parol evidence must be clear, satisfactory, and uncontradicted ;
Collier v . Collier, 30 Ind. 32; Lingenfelter v. Richey, 62 Pa. St. 128 ; notes
to Woollam v. Hearne, 2 Lead. Cas. Eq. 684 ; see previous note to resulting
trusts, in reference to parol. The right of the original owner where there has
been fraud in the conveyance is an equitable interest which he can dispose