*214
ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.
[CH. XII. S. 1.
late Wills Act, where nothing in the context implied a
limitation of the fee, a chattel interest only would have
passed.
But, if a greater estate be limited expressly, as by
a devise to A. and his heirs upon trust to pay debts, the
Court has no jurisdiction to cut down the expression and
reduce the estate to a chattel (c); though if a chattel interest
be carved out of the fee and be so limited, the word "heirs"
may be rejected as inconsistent with the estate, as where
lands are devised to trustees and their heirs, until an infant
attains twenty-one, and then to the infant in fee (d) .
5. Grant to two and the heirs of the survivor.- If an estate
be granted to two, and the survivor of them, and the heirs of
such survivor, they are not joint tenants in fee, but take a
freehold for their joint lives, with a contingent remainder to
the one that may happen to survive.
The same construction
will be put upon a devise expressed simply in the same terms
without any trust annexed, or even if there be a trust, provided the nature of it do not require the fee simple to
be vested in the trustees (e) .
But if such a devise, even to
beneficiaries, be coupled with words pointing to a joint tenancy, the construction will be a joint fee, as if the gift be to
two and the survivor of them and their heirs (f), or to them as joint tenants , and the survivors and survivor of them,
and the heirs and assigns of such survivor (g). And if the
devise be to two and the survivor of them, and the heirs of
such survivor upon trusts that require the fee simple to be
vested in the trustees, or upon trust for sale, the prevailing
opinion is, that notwithstanding the old case of Vick v.
Edwards (h) to the contrary, the Courts would compel a
purchaser to accept a title on the assumption that the trustees took the fee simple (i) .
" Whatever doubts," observes
(c) Wright v. Pearson, 1 Eden,
119, see p. 123.
(d) Goodtitle v. Whitby, 1 Burr .
228; Doe v. Lea, 3 T. R. 41 ; Warter
v. Hutchinson, 1 B. & C. 721; and
see Ackland v. Lutley, 9 Ad. & Ell.
879; but see Lethieullier v. Tracy, 3
Atk. 780, Fearne's C. R. 226, Butler's
(f) Doe v. Sotheron, 2 B. & Ad.
628; Oakley v. Young, 2 Eq. Ca. Ab.
537.
(g) Goodtitle v. Layman, Fearne's
C. R. 358 .
(h) 3 P. W. 372.
note.
(e) Re Harrison, 3 Anst. 836.
(i) See Doe v. Ewart, 7 Ad. &
Ell . 636 ; Doe v. Sotheron, 2 B. &
Ad. 628 .
296