CH. XIII. ] *274

LIABILITY OF CO-EXECUTORS .

the loss ; and though free from blame morally, had to pay
upwards of 20,000l. out of their own pockets.
They knew,
or ought to have known, that Guy was a debtor to the estate ;
and having by probate accepted the executorship, it was
their duty to have recovered the debt from Guy as from any
other debtor to the estate, and this they neglected to do for
a period of six years .

16. Co-administrators on same footing as co-executors.- The
rules respecting co-executors are equally applicable to coadministrators.
Lord Hardwicke once expressed an opinion
that joint administrators resembled rather co-trustees, and
that any one of them could not exercise the office without
the concurrence of the rest (e) ; but it was afterwards determined in the Court of King's Bench, that joint administrators and co-executors stood in this respect precisely on the
same footing (f) .

17. How trustee ought to act where a breach of trust is committed by a co-trustee.
To return to the liabilities of cotrustees : if one trustee be cognizant of a breach of trust
committed by another, and either industriously conceal it(g), or do not take active measures for the *pro- [*274]
tection of the cestui que trust's interest (a) , he will
himself become responsible for the mischievous consequences
of the act. A trustee is called upon, if a breach of trust
be threatened, to prevent it by obtaining an injunction (b),
and, if a breach of trust has been already committed, to bring
an action for the restoration of the trust fund to its proper
condition(c), or, at least, to take such other active measures
as, with a due regard to all the circumstances of the case
may be considered the most prudential (d).

(e) Hudson v. Hudson, 1 Atk. 460 .
(f) Willand v. Fenn, cited Jacomb
v. Harwood, 2 Ves . 267.
(g) Boardman v. Mosman, 1 B. C.
C. 68 .

(a) Brice v . Stokes, 11 Ves . 319 ;
and see Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw. 41 ;
Oliver v . Court, 8 Price, 166 ; In re
Chertsey Market, 6 Price, 279; Attorney-General v. Holland, 2 Y. & C.
699; Booth v. Booth, 1 Beav. 125;
Williams
v. Nixon, 2 Beav. 472 ;
Blackwood v. Burrowes, 2 Conn . &
Laws . 477; Gough v. Smith, W. N.
1872, p. 18.

(b) In re Chertsey Market, 6 Price,
279.

(c) Franco v. Franco, 3 Ves . 75 ;
Earl Powlet v. Herbert, 1 Ves. jun .
297 .

(d) See Walker v. Symonds, 3 Sw.
377