*243
BANKRUPTCY OF TRUSTEES .
[CH. XII..S. 2.
[13. Of trust chattels left in the possession of the bankrupt
trustee .
By the Bankruptcy Act, 1883, it is enacted that
the property of the bankrupt divisible amongst his creditors
shall comprise " all goods being at the commencement of the
bankruptcy in the possession, order, or disposition of the
bankrupt in his trade or business, by the consent and permission of the true owner, under such circumstances that he
is the reputed owner thereof."
Thus, although all persons
(traders or not) can now be made bankrupts, only those
engaged in some trade or business come under the operation
of the order and disposition clause ; and, as it would
[*243] * seem, then only as to goods affected by such trade
or business .
The same section also provides that
" things in action other than debts due or growing due to the
bankrupt in the course of his trade or business shall not be
deemed goods within the meaning of the section " (a) .
It should be observed that this section differs from the
corresponding section in the Bankruptcy Act, 1869 (b), which
applied to the goods in the order and disposition of the bankrupt trader, whether in his trade or business or not.
But
the existence of this distinction has been denied by V. C.
Bacon, in the case under the Act (c).
Under these sections
it has been held that shares in companies are not things in
action within the Acts (d) ; but that debentures of a company, by which they undertake to pay a sum of money and
interest, and charge their undertaking and property with
the payment thereof (e), and policies of life assurance (f),
and equitable interests in shares which are registered in the
names of other persons (g), are such things in action.]
12 Ves. 349, per Lord Eldon ; Ex
parte Coysegame, 1 Atk. 192 ; Frith
v. Cartland, 2 H. & M. 417 ; Fleeming
v. Howden, 1 L. R. H. L. Sc . 372;
[Harris v. Truman, 7 Q. B. D. 340 ;
9 Q. B. D. 264 ;] see Mestaer v . Gillespie, 11 Ves. 624 ; Ex parte Herbert,
13 Ves . 188 ; Waring v. Coventry, 2
Μ. & Κ. 406.
[(a) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 52, s. 44.]
[(b) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 71, s. 15.]
[(c) Colonial Bank v. Whinney,32
[(d) Union Bank of Manchester,
Re Jackson, 12 L. R. Eq. 354; Colonial
Bank r. Whinney, 32 W. R. 974, a
case under the last Act on appeal, 30
Ch. Div. 261 ; and see Société Générale de Paris v. Tramways Union
Company, 14 Q. B. D. 424.]
[(e) Re Pryce, 4 Ch. D. 685.]
[(f) Ex parte Ibbetson, 8 Ch. D.
519.]
[(g) Ex parte Barry, 17 L. R. Eq.
W. R. 974.]
113.