CH. XII. S. 1.

ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.
*219

be held to take a mere power so as to let in the statute
to execute the uses in strict settlement, but will be construed
to take the legal estate in fee, and the uses that are limited
will stand as equitable interest.

Charge of debts.- So if copyholds be devised to trustees
(who are also appointed executors of the testator) and the
survivor of them, and the heirs of such survivor, charged
with debts, and subject thereto upon trust to pay the rents
to the testator's daughter for life, and after her death, the
copyholds are devised by the testator directly to the heirs of
the body of such tenant for life, here, as the charge of debts
may require the fee simple to be in the trustees, they take
the legal estate not only for the life of the tenant for the
life but absolutely, and the issue in tail take only equitable
estates (a) .

[So where a testator directs his debts to be paid, or
directs them to be paid by his executors, and devises real
estate to trustees and their heirs upon trusts which do not
exhaust the fee, and then devises the real estate after the
determination of the preceding trusts directly to a third
person, and appoints the trustees his executors, the trustees
take the legal fee by virtue of the charge of debts (b) .]

4. Present rule
regulating
devises
to
trustees.
Recent
cases have established the following important qualification
of the rule now under consideration, viz ., that where an estate
is in the first instance given to trustees and their heirs upon
trusts which do not exhaust the equitable fee simple, and
for which a particular estate short of the legal fee in the
trustees would be sufficient, but discretionary powers are
superadded which cannot be exercised by the trustees without arming them with the means of passing the fee simple,
there the trustees do not take a legal estate.

The construction appears to have been, that, as the limitation to
the trustees and their heirs was expressly limited to the period until A.
attained twenty-one, the estate was intended to be a chattel interest only,
and the charges were to be raised
either by sale or mortgage of that
chattel interest, or out of the inheritance by virtue of an implied power.

(a) Creaton v. Creaton, 3 Sm. &
G. 386.
[(b) Creaton v . Creaton, 3 Sm . &
G. 386; Re Tanqueray-Willaume &
Landau, 20 Ch. D. 465 ; Marshall v.
Gingell, 21 Ch. D. 790 ; Spence v.
Spence, 12 C. B. N. S. 199.]