*130
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
2. Words precatory.- A frequent case of implied trust arises where a testator employs words precatory, or recMarsh, 126 Mass. 213 ; nor will a trust be implied if it would be repugnant to other parts of the instrument ; Brunson v . Hunter, 2 Hill. Ch. 490 ; precatory
words must give way to positive provisions ; Church v. Disbrow, 52 Pa. St. 219;
if power is given to be exercised or not at discretion, no trust results ; Lines v.
Darden, 5 Fla. 51 ; only such words as maybe treated as imperative will raise a
trust; Harrison v. Harrison, 2 Gratt. 1; 44 Am. Dec. 365 ; 2 Redf. Wills, 411;
Gilbert v. Chapin, 19 Conn. 342; Lucas v. Lockhart, 10 Swedes & M. 466 ; 48
Am. Dec. 766; the earlier American cases favored making the words imply a
trust, in order to carry out the intention of the party; Ward v. Peloubet, 2
Stockt. Ch. 305; Little v. Bennett, 5 Jones Eq. 156; Harrison v. Harrison,
2 Gratt. 1; but the later American cases, like the English, give only the natural meaning to the words, and the tendency is against converting a legatee
into a trustee ; Van Amee v. Jackson, 35 Vt. 173; Rhett v . Mason, 18 Gratt.
541; Negroes v. Plummer, 17 Md. 165; Whipple v. Adams, 1 Met. 445; Van
Duyne v. Van Duyne, 1 McCart. 397 ; Ellis v. Ellis, 15 Ala. 296 ; Davis v.
Mailey, 134 Mass . 588 ; Howard v. Carusi, 109 U. S. 733.

Maintenance. -There arises a similar question where the parent, or one
standing in loco parentis, receives property with certain directions or suggestions regarding the maintenance of his family or dependents, viz.;- was it the
intention to create a trust or merely to mention the motive of the gift ?
Paisley's App . 70 Pa. St. 158; the one holding for maintenance of children is entitled to any surplus, and not obliged to account for the application of the
fund; Smith v. Smith, 11 Allen, 423 ; if such a one is unfit to handle the
funds, the court can distribute it; Chase v. Chase, 2 Allen, 101; for case of
his death, see Bowditch v. Andrew, 8 Allen, 339 ; Andrews v. Bank, 3 Allen,
313; the habits and ability of the cestui que trust are to be considered in
determining the amount necessary for him; Kilroy v. Wood, 42 Hun, 636 ;
sometimes alimony paid a wife may be deducted; Ireland v. Ireland, 84 N. Y.
321, reversing 18 Hun, 362.

See also Curtis v . Smith, 6 Blatchf. 537; Erisman v. Poor, 47 Pa. St. 509; Lucas v. Lucas, 7 Rich. Eq. 180.

Whether child's
right to maintenance ceases when he becomes of age, see Baker v. Red, 4
Dana, 158; it depends largely upon the words as showing the testator's intention; Sargent v. Bourne, 6 Met. 32 ; if given for particular purpose, the fund
cannot be reached by creditors through any process open to them; Clute v.
Bool, 8 Paige, 83 ; Bramhall v. Ferris, 14 N. Y. 44; Wells v. McCall, 64Pa.
St. 207.

There is no implied trust where merely the motive for the gift is stated, as
" to enable him to maintain the children " ; Bryan v. Howland, 98 111. 625;
Burke v . Valentine, 52 Barb. 412 ; Burt v . Herron, 66 Pa. St. 400 ; " having
full confidence in sufficient and judicious provision " ; Sears v. Cunningham,
122 Mass . 538 ; Barrett v . Marsh, 126 Mass. 213; or that she will divide the
surplus justly; Paisley's App. 70 Pa. St. 158; Willard's App. 15 P. F. Smith,
265; " home and residence" does not include maintenance ; Kennedy's App.
81 Pa. St. 163.

Sometimes the conditions of a will necessarily raise such a
trust to carry out intentions of the testator; Fay v. Taft, 12 Cush. 448 ;
Walker v . Whiting, 23 Pick. 313 ; Watson v. Mayrant, 1 Rich. Ch. 449; Sohier
v. Trinity Church, 109 Mass. 1.

Trusts are sometimes implied from the agreements of parties; Pownal v.
Taylor, 10 Leigh, 183 ; Currie v. White, 45 N. Y. 822 ; Pingree v. Coffin, 12
Gray, 288; Conway v . Kinsworthy, 21 Ark. 9.

178