*130
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
would not insert any of them in a settlement under a direction to insert "usual" or "proper" powers; but would in
the absence of special directions allow the statutory powers
to take effect without variation.
28. Conveyancing Act.- It may further be observed that
by the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881 (e), " it
is declared that the powers given by the Act to any person
and the covenants, provisions, stipulations and words which
under the Act are to be deemed included or implied in any
instrument, shall be deemed proper powers, covenants, provisions, stipulations and words to be given by or to be contained in any such instrument," and all persons in a fiduciary
position and their solicitor are exempted from any
[*130] obligation to exclude the operation of the Act where
such exclusion is possible.
29. Powers
of
sale.-If a settlement of stock with a
power of varying securities contain a covenant to settle
real estate upon the like trusts, and with the like powers,
a power of sale and exchange is implied, as corresponding
to the power of varying securities (a) .
30. Multiplication of charges.
Trusts are often created
by words of reference to other trusts, and where this is the
case, there should be a proviso, where such is the intention,
that charges on the estate shall not be increased or multiplied.
Should the clause, however, be omitted, the Court
will exercise its judgment on the question whether the
duplication of charges was or not intended by the parties ;
and as a general rule a referential trust ought not to be so
read as to create a duplication (b) .
SECTION II. OF IMPLIED TRUSTS .
1. General rule.-Wherever a person, having a power
of disposition over property, manifests any intention with
[(e) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 66.]
(a) Williams v. Carter, Appendix to Sugden's Treatise on Powers, p. 945, 8th
ed.; Elton v. Elton (No. 2), 27 Beav. 634;
[Re Garnett Orme and Hargreaves' Contract, 25 Ch. D. 595 ;]
and see Horne v. Barton, Jac. 440.
(b) Hindle v. Taylor, 5 De G. M. & G. 577; Boyd v. Boyd, 9 L. T. N. S. 166.