CH . XVIII . S. 3.

*495

Purchases by Trustees.

13. Costs.
The costs of the suit will, as a general rule,
follow the decree—that is, if the trustee be compelled to
give up his purchase, unless his conduct was perfectly
honourable and the sale is set aside on the mere dry rule
of equity, he must pay the expenses he has himself
occasioned; and if the charge be unfounded, the costs
must be paid by the plaintiff.
But if there be great delay
on the part of the cestui que trust, the costs will be refused
him, though he succeed in the suit; and, on the other
hand, if the suit be dismissed, not because the transaction
was not originally impeachable, but merely on account of
the great interval of time, the Court may refuse to order the
plaintiff to pay the costs of the defendant.

14. Where the sale is set aside after the purchaser's death.
If the trustee devise the estate purchased by him, and the
purchase is set aside as against the devisee, it is conceived
that as the devise carried all the testator's interest in the
property the monies repaid will belong to the devisee.
But
if the trustee die intestate, then whether monies repaid shall
belong to the next of kin or the heir of the trustee is a question of great difficulty. In favour of the former it may be
urged, that as there is no equity between the heir-at-law and
next of kin, the monies repaid being in fact personal estate
must belong to the next of kin: that the Court rescinds
the transaction by taking an account of rents and
* allowing 4 per cent. interest on the purchase-money [*495]
from the time of the purchase, and that the rents and
interest accrued during the life of the intestate must certainly
be regarded as personal estate, and that the right of the next
of kin is supported by Lawes v. Bennett (a), and other cases.

(d) S. C.
(e) Baker v . Carter, 1 Y. & C. 250.
(f) Whichcote
v. Lawrence ,
3
Ves. 752; Hall v. Hallet, 1 Cox, 141 ;
Sanderson v. Walker, 13 Ves . 601,
604; Crowe v. Ballard, 2 Cox, 253 ;
S. C. 3 B. C. C. 117 ; Dunbar v. Tredennick, 2 B. & B. 304; Smedley v.
Varley, 23 Beav. 358.
(g) Attorney-General v. Lord Dudley, G. Coop. 146.
(h) Gregory v. Gregory, G. Coop.
201 .
(a) 1 Cox, 167.
669