CH. XII. S. 2.

*225

received the proceeds would be accountable as a trustee (d) , and the cestui que trust may, upon seizure by the sheriff, establish his equitable title at law upon an interpleader summons (e) .
On the other hand, if a person be the cestui que trust of
an equitable chattel, the sheriff may take it in execution for the
debt of the cestui que trust ; and this is so even when the
cestui que trust claims under an agreement for valuable consideration for the settlement of after-acquired property (f) .
But such an agreement is a roving one and executory, and
does not give the cestui que trust the privileges of the specific
purchaser until actual possession of the chattel under the
agreement, and the interest of the cestui que trust may therefore be defeated by a judgment creditor of the settlor, who
takes out execution before actual possession by the cestui que
trust (g) .
6. The common law recognizes assets in the hands of an executor to be trust property.-Assets in the hands of an executor are regarded as a species of trust property, even by the
common law, which in respect of them has engrafted upon
itself a quasi equitable jurisdiction :
as, if an executrix
marry, she may by will, without the consent of her husband,
appoint an executor in whom the assets will vest,
and * who will thus become the executor of the orig- [*225]
inal testator (a) ; and though the husband during
the coverture has power to dispose of the assets in the
course of administration (6), he will not be entitled to them
in his marital right by survivorship (c) ; and if the wife survive she is liable for the devastavit committed by her husper Ashurst, J., and see Blake v.
Done, 7 H. and N. 465, and p. 245,
post, as to judgments.
See now 36 &
37 Vict. c. 66, s. 24.
(d) Foley v. Burnell, 1 B. С. С.
278.
(e) Duncan v. Cashin, 10 L. R. C.
P. 554.
(f) Interpleader Summons, W. N.
1875, p. 203 ; W. N. 1876, p. 64.
(g) Holroyd v. Marshall, 2 De G.
F. & J. 596.
(a) Scammel v. Wilkinson, 2 East,
552 ; Hodsden v. Lloyd, 2 B. С. С.
543, per Lord Thurlow.
(b) Thrustout
v. Coppin, 2 W.
Black. Rep. 801 ; [this will not be the
case where the marriage has taken
place or the executorship has arisen
since 1st January, 1883, 45 & 46 Vict.
c. 75.]
(c) Co. Lit. 351 a, 351 b : Stow v.
Drinkwater, Lofft, 83.