In this case, as no man shall take advantage of his own wrong, and there is no estate of inheritance in esse except that of A. himself, he is constructively a trustee in equity of the proceeds of the timber for the benefit of all the persons interested under the settlement, except himself, according to their respective estates, that is, he is made to account for the proceeds which are invested and deemed part of the settlement, and the income of such investment is payable to the tenant in præsenti, not being the wrongdoer, whether such tenant be for life or otherwise, and if there be no such tenant it accumulates.
But if in the case put there be no issue afterwards born of A. or B., and therefore there is no inheritance but that of A., the fund subject to B.'s life estate will belong to A. (f).

In the above case, *A. himself* had the first vested estate of inheritance ; but it may

(f) Williams v. Bolton, 1 Cox, 72 ;
Powlett v. Bolton, 3 Ves. 374; see
further statement of this case in 2
New Rep . 305.
But in Garth v. Cotton, 3Atk. 751; 1 Ves. sen. 523, 546,
interest at 4 per cent was given only
from the filing of the bill ; and in
Duke of Leeds v. Amherst, 12 Sim.
476; 2 Ph. 117, interest at 4 per cent
was given only from the death of the
wrongdoer.
In the later
case of
Bagot v. Bagot, 32 Beav. 509, M. R.
refused
interest further back than
from the death of the wrongdoer.
The decision was appealed from to
L. C. (Lord Westbury), and the case
was compromised, but in the course
of the argument L. C. intimated his
concurrence with the view of M. R.
as to the time whence interest was to
be computed.
The L. C. seemed also
to think that, as to such timber felled
by the tenant for life as the Court
upon application to it would have
ordered to be cut, the tenant for life
would be protected as having done a
proper act, but that the onus would
lie upon him to establish such a case.
"As regards the question of interest
on the money arising from timber
properly cut, the plaintiff," he said,
"could hardly ask for interest.
Of
course the obligation of making out
the case lies upon the tenant for life."
M.S.

However this may be as to
the timber properly cut, the remark
suggests itself as to the timber improperly cut, that if the tenant for
life is not to pay interest from the
time of felling, he takes advantage of
his own wrong, for if the timber had
been left standing the increase of
growth would have enured to the benefit of the remainderman, but by cutting the timber the tenant for life
intercepts this accretion and enjoys
the usufruct himself.
True he loses
the mast and shade, but that is the
result of his own wilful act, and he
cannot therefore complain. As regards mines, the case is different, for
here there is no continuing growth
for the benefit of the remainderman .
But in one respect the offence of
waste is greater, for if timber be cut
other timber may grow in its place,
but when minerals are abstracted the
vacuum remains for ever.