*594
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[CH . XXIII. S. 1.
It is presumed that trustees can never justify the abandonment of any part of the security on the mere ground of
consulting the convenience of the mortgagor; and they
must be prepared to show that the act was calculated under
the circumstances to promote the interest of the cestuis que
trust.
But if the mortgagor be ready to pay off the mortgage on a transfer of the security, unless the trustees will
consent to release, and the existing mortgage, even when
confined to the narrower parcels, is a clearly beneficial one
and the value still abundantly ample, the trustees would
surely incur no responsibility by acceding to the arrangement (a) .
The prevailing opinion of conveyancers appears
to be that where trustees have a power of investing on mortgage and of varying securities (which a power of investing
on mortgage implies) the transaction will be considered as
tantamount to repayment of the mortgage money, and reinvestment by the trustees on a mortgage of the hereditaments
retained as a security, and that the purchaser of the released
hereditaments is not bound to see to the sufficiency of the
new security, or that the acceptance of the new security
does not involve a breach of trust (b) .
[47. Whether bound to consolidate mortgages.-It is conceived that although trustees holding independent securities
from the same mortgagor may have the right to consolidate
them, it is not imperative upon them to do so, but
[*594] that they * may deal with the securities independently, or allow one or more of them to be redeemed,
without incurring any liability for loss which may arise from
the subsequent depreciation in the other securities.
They
should, however, satisfy themselves before parting with any
of the securities, or allowing any of them to be redeemed,
that the margin of value on those which are retained is then
sufficient to justify a present advance to the amount remaining due to the trustees upon such securities .]
Trustees
48. Discharge of a mortgage on a settled estate.
of a settled estate with a power of sale and reinvestment
(b) See Davidson's Preced. vol.
(a) See Whitney v. Smith, 4 L.
R. Ch . App . 513; Pell v. De Winton,
2 De G. & J. 13.
ii. p. 835, 3d ed.; Dart's V. & P. vol.
ii. p. 612, 5th ed.
802