*166
PURCHASES IN NAMES OF STRANGERS .
[Сн. IX. S. 2.
parties be unequal then in all cases a trust results to each
of them in proportion to the amount originally subscribed (c) .
6. Copyhold grant to A. for life, and fine paid by B., who on
B.'s death shall have it ?- If A. discharge the fine on a grant
of copyholds to B., C., and D. successively for their lives, the
equitable interest will result to A.; but should A. die intestate, on whom will the remaining equity devolve?
Estates
pur autre vie in copyholds were not within the Statute of
Frauds (d), nor the 14 G. 2, c. 20, s. 9. (e), nor is there a
general occupancy of a trust (f), and before the late Wills
Act the questions were asked, Can the heir take an estate
which has no descendible property ? or can the executor claim
as assets what is not of the nature of personalty? or shall
the tenants of the legal estate become the beneficial proprietors in the absence of any one to advance a better title ? (g)
In Clark v. Danvers (h) the plaintiff was both heir and executor of the equitable owner, and was decreed the benefit of
the trust.
In Howe v. Howe (i) the administratrix was held entitled,
and so it was allowed in Rundle v. Rundle (j), and Withers v. Withers (k),
and was subsequently sanctioned by the high authority of Lord Mansfield (l). Now by the late Wills Act (7 W. 4, and 1 Vict. c. 26, s. 6.) it is declared,
that, where there is no special occupant, an estate pur autre vie whether in freehold or in copyhold shall, if not disposed
of by the will of the grantee, go to his personal representative (m) .
[*166]
* 7. Purchase of a ship in stranger's name. -The Court cannot imply a resulting trust in evasion of
(c) Lake v. Gibson, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab . 291 , per Sir J. Jekyll; Rigden v. Vallier, 3 Atk. 735, per Lord Hardwicke ;
Hill v. Hill, 8 I. R. Eq. 140 ; affirmed
Ib. 622 .
(d) 29 Car. 2, c. 3, s. 12.
(e) Rundle v. Rundle, Amb. 152.
(f) Penny v. Allen, 7 DeG. M. & G. 422; and see Castle v. Dod, Cro. Jac. 200 .
(g) See Jones v. Goodchild, 3 P. W. 33, note В.
(h) 1 Ch. Ca. 310.
(i) 1 Vern. 415.
(j) 2 Vern. 252, 264 ; S. C. Amb. 151.
(k)Amb. 151.
(l) Goodwright v. Hodges, 1 Watk. Cop. 228; and see Rumboll v. Rumboll, 2 Eden, 15.
(m) Reynolds v. Wright, 25 Beav. 100; 2 De G. F. & J. 590.
[Where leaseholds for lives were conveyed to
trustees , their executors, administrators, and assigns in trust (in the events
which happened) for certain persons absolutely but without words of limitation it was held in a case in Ireland,
228