CH. XXIII. S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .

*574

to stop it, the Court might well hold the trustee not to be
liable for doing the act (c) .
6. Validity of an act without suit.-It is a rule of equity,
that what is compellable by suit, or would have been ordered
by the Court, is equally valid if done by the trustee without
suit, i.e., without the sanction of the Court (d).
The difficulty with which the trustee has to struggle is the danger of
assuming that the Court, on application to it, would view
the matter in the same light with which he regards it
himself(e) .
7. Matter of form may be dispensed with. - Trustees, to
avoid circuity, may dispense with forms, the observance of
which would only lead to expense.
If, for instance, the
transfer of a sum of stock be secured to trustees of a settlement, and they have power by the settlement to sell out the
fund and invest on mortgage, they need not insist on a
transfer of the stock in specie for the purpose of immediately selling out and * investing the proceeds on [*574]
mortgage, but if they have the mortgage ready may
take the value of the stock and hand it over to the mortgagor (a) .
So trustees having a power to lay out a certain
sum in the purchase of an annuity for A. B., may pay the
sum to A. B. direct, without going through the form of purchasing the annuity (b) .
8. Repairs.-Where the legal estate is vested in trustees in
trust for one person for life, with remainders over to others,
it would be natural to suppose that the rights in equity as
between the tenant for life and the remaindermen would be
the same as those at law between a legal tenant for life and
(c) Life Association of Scotland v.
Siddal, 3 De G. F. & J. 74, per L. J. Turner.
(d) Lee v. Brown, 4 Ves. 369, per
Cur.; Earl of Bath v. Bradford, 2 Ves. 590, per Lord Hardwicke; Cook v. Parsons, Pr. Ch. 185,
per Cur.; Inwood v. Twyne, 2 Eden, 153, per Lord Northington; Hutcheson v. Hammond, 3 B. C. C. 145, per Buller, J.;
Terry v. Terry, Gilb. 11, per Lord
Cowper; Shaw v. Borrer, 1 Keen, 576,
per Lord Langdale;
Seagram v.
Knight, 2 L. R. Ch. App. 630; Gilliland v. Crawford, 4 I. R. Eq. 42, per
Cur. [Brown v. Smith, 10 Ch. D. 377. ]
The same rule holds also at law, see
Co. Lit. 171, a.
(e) See Forshaw v. Higginson, 3 Jur. N. S. 476.
(a) See Pell v. De Winton, 2 De G. & J. 20; George v. George, 35 Beav. 382.
260.
(b) Messeena v. Carr, 9 L. K. Eq. 777.