CH. XIV . S. 6.]
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
*351
tors (b); but an order for accounts and inquiries will be
made under Order 15, if the circumstances of the case require it (c) .
But the Court will not direct the ordinary
accounts under Order 15, where charges of breach of trust
are made which may necessitate accounts being directed at
the hearing on a different footing.1
24. Frame of the action. If an action be necessary it]
may be instituted either by the trustee or by the cestui que
trust; but in most cases an action is sustained rather than
originated by the trustee.
Whether the trustee be plaintiff
or defendant, he should take care before an order is made,
that all parties who have any colour of title are before the
Court, for if the trustee fail in his duty to point out the
proper parties, it might be held that the order of the Court
under such circumstances did not indemnify him .
[If the trustee is plaintiff, and his accounts are directed
to be taken, the conduct of the proceedings will be given to
the defendants (d) .]
25.
Plaintiff held to have no interest.- Where the suit is
commenced by a cestui que trust, and it is found at the hearing that upon the true construction of the instrument he has
no interest in the fund, yet if the point was so doubtful that
the fund could not have been distributed without the opinion
of the Court, and either the fund is administered by the Court
under the suit of the plaintiff, or the Court makes a declaration of the rights of the parties in the suit, the plaintiff will
as a general rule have his costs (e).
But where a plaintiff,
instituting proceedings as claiming a contingent interest, obtains an order for taking the accounts in an administration
suit, and pending the reference his interest ceases, and the
parties interested instead of adopting repudiate the proceedings, the plaintiff cannot have his costs (f) .
[(b) Re Llewellyn, 25 Ch . D. 66 ;
Re Dickinson, W. N. 1884, p. 199.]
[(c) Borthwick
v. Ransford, 28
Ch. D. 79.]
[(d) Allen v. Norris, W. Ν. 1884,
p. 118; S. C. 27 Ch . D. 333. ]
(e) Westcott v. Culliford, 3 Hare,
274, and cases there cited; Turner v .
Frampton, 2 Coll. 336; Boreham v .
Bignall, 8 Hare, 134; Lee v. Delane,
1 De G. & Sm. 1 ; Merlin v. Blagrave,
25 Beav. 134; Wedgwood v. Adams,
8 Beav. 103 .
(f) Hay v . Bowen, 5 Beav. 610.
1Re Gyhon, 33 W. R. 620 ; 29 Ch . Div. 834.
485