CH. XXIII . S. 2.

*616

8. Power as to the objects of the trust.-Where the objects
of a charity are from time to time to be at the discretion of
the trustees (as if annual sums be made distributable either
to private individuals or public institutions, as the trustees
may think fit), the Court will not even order a scheme to be
proposed, but will leave the trustees to the free exercise of
their power with liberty for all parties to apply (c) .

9.
Selection of particular objects. - So where trustees had
a power of selecting a lad for education from certain parishes, and if there were no suitable candidate, then from any
other parish, and the trustees upon consideration rejected
the candidate from the specified parishes, and selected a lad
from another parish, it was held that the Court could not
control the discretion.
The trustees had assigned no reason
for their choice, but that the Court said was not necessary,
and in many cases would not be proper (d) .

10. Reasons for exercise of the power.-But though trustees invested with a discretionary power are not bound to
assign their reasons for the way in which they exercise it ;
yet, if they do state their reasons, and it thereby appears
that the trustees were labouring under an error, the Court
will set aside the conclusion to which they came upon such
false premises (e) .

11. Powers not to be exercised nunc pro tunc.- Where
trustees have a discretionary power they must exercise their
judgment according to the circumstances as they exist at the
time, and they cannot, therefore, anticipate the arrival of the
proper period by affecting to release it or by pledging themselves beforehand as to the mode in which the power shall
be executed in futuro (f) .

* [12. Exercise of the power by will. - Where a trustee had an absolute discretion to apply the trust
507 ; Bennett v. Honeywood, Id. 708;
Mahon v . Savage, 1 Sch. & Lef. 111;
Supple v. Lowson, Amb. 729, &c.
(d) Re Beloved Wilkes's Charity,
3 Mac. & G. 440.
(c) Waldo v. Caley, 16 Ves. 206;
Horde v. Earl of Suffolk, 2 M. & K.
59; and see Powerscourt v. Powerscourt, 1 Moll . 616 ; Holmes v. Penney
3 K. & J. 103.
(e) Ib. 3 Mac. & G. 448; King v .
Archbishop of Canterbury, 15 East.
117.
(f) Weller v. Ker, 1 L. R. Sc.
App. 11; [Moore v. Clench, 1 Ch . D.
447, 453 ; Chambers v. Smith, 3 App .
831