RENEWAL OF LEASES .
Where by the death of the new cestui que vie in the lifetime
of the tenant for life no benefit from the renewal accrues
either to the tenant for life or to the remainderman.
Nor does it appear to have been distinctly perceived by the Court
that the renewal of leaseholds for lives being essentially
a matter of speculation, it is impossible to regulate the contribution of either tenant for life or remainderman according to
the value of his actual enjoyment, without e converso making
the remainderman or the tenant for life take upon himself
the risk of the renewal proving profitable or unprofitable in
its ultimate results; and further, that in order to make each
party bear the burthen of the renewal in the proportion of his
actual enjoyment, it would be necessary to await the death
not merely of the tenant for life but also of the cestuis que
vie, a course which would be extremely inconvenient, and,
it is conceived, contrary to the general practice of the Court.
In Harris v. Harris (b), copyholds held for three lives ,
were settled on A. for life with remainders over, and two
of the cestuis que vie having died, A. put in two new lives
at his own expense .
A. died in the lifetime of the original
cestuis que vie, so that A. in event had no benefit from the
renewal, and the whole fine was ordered to be repaid to A.'s
personal representative.
But it might happen that the two
new lives would also die in the lifetime of the original cestuis que vie, and then the remaindermen also would have
no benefit from the renewal.
The Court, therefore, must
have assumed that the speculative gain or loss was to fall on
the remaindermen.
10. Tenant for life regarded as a trustee. -Where the legal
estate of renewable leaseholds is devised without the interposition of a trustee, but the testator at the same time directs,
either expressly or by implication, that the leases shall be
renewed, the tenant for life is then himself a trustee (c),
and as such is compellable to apply for renewals (d), but
ought before applying for a renewal to consult the remainderman (e) .
(6) Harris v. Harris (No. 3), 32 Beav. 333.
(c) White v. White, 5 Ves . 555.
(d) Lock v. Lock, 2 Vern . 666 ;
and see White v. White, 4 Ves . 24.
(e) White v. White, 5 Ves. 555.