*607
ГСн . ХХIII . S. 2 .
ASSIGNMENT OF POWERS .
abandoned by the purchasers counsel as untenable. And the
late Vice-Chancellor of England, in a subsequent case, observed : " I have always understood, ever since the point was
decided in Hawkins v. Kemp, or rather was, as the judges
said in that case, properly abandoned by the defendant's
counsel as not capable of being contended for, that where
two or more persons are appointed trustees, and all
[*607] of * them, except one, renounce, the trust may be
executed by that one " (a) .
Adams v. Taunton.-Adams v. Taunton (b) is a direct
decision by Sir J. Leach to the same effect. A testator had
devised his estates to A. and B. upon trust to sell and apply
the proceeds amongst his children, and declared that the
receipts of the said A. and B. should be sufficient discharges .
A. renounced, and Sir J. Leach, after having taken time to
consult the authorities, said, " It being now settled that a
devise to A., B., and C. upon trust is a good devise to such
of the three as accept the trust, it follows by necessary construction that by the receipt of the trustees is to be intended
the receipt of those who accept the trust " (c) .
2. Powers to " trustees " or " executors."-If the power be
not given to the trustees by name, but to the " trustees " or
" executors " ;
it is clear, à fortiori, that if one disclaims
the acting trustees or executors may exercise the power (d) .
[3. By the Conveyancing Act, 1882, sect. 6, which applies
to powers created by instruments coming into operation
either before or after the commencement of the Act, " a
person to whom any power, whether coupled with an interest or not, is given, may by deed disclaim the power ; and
after disclaimer shall not be capable of exercising or joining
in the exercise of the power.
On such disclaimer the power
or others, or the survivors or
may be exercised by the other
(a) Cooke v. Crawford, 13 Sim. 96.
(b) 5 Mad. 435; and see Bayly v.
Cumming,10 Ir. Eq. Rep. 410 ; Cooke
v . Crawford, 13 Sim. 96 ; Sands v .
Nugee, 8 Sim. 130.
(c) From his
Honour's
words ,
" the receipts of the
trustees,"
it
might be thought the power had been
given, not to A. and B. by name, but
to " the trustees ": the R. L. has been
consulted, and it appears as stated in
the report, that the power was given
to " the said A. and B. "
(d) Worthington v. Evans, 1 S. &
S. 165 ; Boyce v. Corbally, Ll. & G. t.
Plunket,
102 ; and
see Clarke r.
Parker, 19 Ves. 1; White v . M'Dermott, 7 I. R. C. L. 1 .
820