CH. XIV. S. 4. ]
*329

INVESTMENT.

the trustees be authorised and required, at the instance of
the tenant for life, to invest the trust fund in a purchase of
leaseholds, they have no option if the tenant for life insist
upon his right (c) .

59. Copyholds. - There can be no objection to copyholds
as a real security, but the trustee should of course take
care that they are of adequate value, and not rely on the
mere covenant to surrender, but procure an actual surrender (d) .

60. Mortgage of an undivided share or of a reversion.
There does not appear to be any absolute objection to a loan
by trustee on the security of an undivided share or of a reversion ; but they must not advance more than the proper proportion (a third or a half, according to the nature of the
property), of the value of the undivided share, or of the
reversion as such, that is, the present value of the future interest, and in taking securities of this kind a full power of
sale would be an essential provision.

61. Lending on real security in Ireland.- Where trustees
are expressly authorised to lend on real securities in England, Wales, or Great Britain, they are empowered by 4 &
5 Will. 4, c. 29, to lend on real securities in Ireland.
But
the second section enacts, that all loans in which any minor,
unborn child, or person of unsound mind is interested, shall
be made by the direction of the Court of Chancery, to be
obtained in any cause, or (e) upon petition in a summary
way.
Upon an application to the Court under this Act, for the
investment of a fund in Court upon an Irish security,
Lord Langdale, * M. R., refused even a reference as to [*329]
the propriety of such a step ; for though it would be
beneficial to the tenant for life as increasing the annual produce, it was not so safe a security as regarded the remaindermen, and it was the duty of trustees to act impartially for
the benefit of all parties alike (a) . And Lord Justice Knight
(c) Cadogan v. Earl of Essex, 2
Drew. 227; Beauclerk v . Ashburnham, 8 Beav. 322 ; see ante, p. 316.
(d) See Wyatt v . Sharratt, 3 Beav.
498.
(e) Ex parte French, 7 Sim. 510.
(a) Stuart v. Stuart, 3Beav. 430.
455