CH. IX . S. 1.

RESULTING TRUSTS .
lay down that where the failure of the legacy arises from any
event which the testator might reasonably have contemplated,
as, the death of the legatee in his lifetime, then the legacy
should sink for the benefit of the devisee : but that where
the legacy is raisable in the event which has happened, and
the legacy is only not paid because the policy of the law, in
spite of the intention, forbids it, as in the case of a legacy to
a charity, there the legacy was in fact never given to the
devisee, and a trust should result for the benefit of the
heir.

The subject, as the matter now stands, is in a very
unsatisfactory state .

Fifthly. The interest that would have resulted may be disposed of by will.-It has been stated in general terms, that,
in the cases we have mentioned, a trust will result to the
settlor or his real or personal representative, but the doctrine
must be received with at least this qualification, that the
interest which would have resulted is not otherwise disposed
of by the settlor himself.

Any interest that would have resulted may of course be
given away from the settlor's representative, by a particular
and specific devise or bequest ; it remains only to inquire
what is the effect of certain general expressions .

Construction of the word
" residue " in real estate. -With
respect to a testator's realty, the heir " shall sit in the seat of
his ancestor," unless the disinherison be expressed or clearly
implied.
The word "residue,” therefore, had, before the late
Wills Act, received in devises a strict and narrow construction, and was held to mean, not all that the testator had not
actually disposed of, but only so much of which he had
shown no intention of disposing.
Thus, if lands had been
devised upon trust to raise 5000l. for a charity, the residue
to A. (a), or upon trust to
raise 5000l. for a charity,
with a general devise " of all the residue of the testator's
real
estate, whatsoever and wheresoever " (b), in either
(a) Hutcheson v. Hammond, 3 B. C.
C. 128; Page v. Leapingwell , 18 Ves .
463; Collins v . Wakeman, 2 Ves. jun.
683; Cruse v. Barley, 3 P. W. 20 ;
Jones
v. Mitchell, 1 S. & S. 293;
Sprigg v. Sprigg, 2 Vern. 394, per
Cur.; Cooke v . Stationers' Company,
3 M. & Κ. 264, per Cur.; Anon. case,
1 Com. 345.
(b) Goodright v. Opie, 8 Mod. 123 ;
Wright v. Hall, Fort. 182;
S. C. 8
Mod. 222 ; Roe v. Fludd, Fort. 184;
219