CH. XIV. S. 3.

*300
IMPLIED CONVERSION.
Minable annuities (e). But a bequest of the testator's public
funds or government annuities (f), or of the "interest, dividends, or income of all monies or stock, and of all other
property yielding income at the testator's death" has been
held to be specific (g) .

5.
Conversion directed at a later period.-And if a testator
negative a sale at the time of his death by authorizing or
directing a conversion at a subsequent period (h);
*or if he use any other expressions which assume [*300]
the leaseholds or stock to be unconverted when by
the general rule it would be converted, the doctrine of conversion is excluded (a) .

6. Rule does not assume intention of a sale.-The rule of
the Court under which perishable property is converted does
not proceed upon the assumption that the testator in fact
intended his property to be sold but is founded upon the
circumstance that the testator intended the perishable property to be enjoyed by different persons in succession, which
is accomplished by means of a sale (b) . The Court presumes
that intention unless a contrary intention appear on the face
of the will, and the only difficulty is, what will constitute a
sufficient indication of a contrary intention, the more recent
decisions allowing smaller indications to prevail than were
formerly deemed necessary (c) .

7. Rule as to conversion where property is not wasting, but
of a class not authorized by the Court.- The object of the
(e) Blann v. Bell, 2 De G. M. & G.
775; Hood v . Clapham, 19 Beav. 90 ;
and see Sutherland v. Cooke, 1 Coll.
503; Neville v. Fortescue, 16 Sim.
333; Pidgeon v. Spencer, 16 L. T.
N. S. 83.

(f) Wilday v. Sandys, 7 L. R. Eq.
455.

(g) Boys v . Boys, 28 Beav. 436.

(h) Daniel v. Warren, 2 Y. & C.
C.C. 290; Bowden v. Bowden, 17
Sim. 65; Burton v. Mount, 2 De G.
& Sm. 383 ; Alcock v. Sloper, 2 M. &
K. 699 ;
[Simpson v. Lester, 4 Jur.
N. S. 1269 ; Gray v. Siggars, 15 Ch. D.
74; Re Leonard, 29 W. R. 234; 43
L. T. N. S. 664;] Hind v. Selby, 22
Beav . 373 ; Skirving v. Williams, 24
Beav. 275 ; Harvey v. Harvey, 5 Beav .
134; Hinves v. Hinves, 3 Hare, 609 ;
Rowe v. Rowe, 29 Beav. 276.

(a) Collins v. Collins, 2 M. & Κ.
703; see observations on this case in
Vaughan v. Buck, 1 Ph. 78; Lichfield v. Baker, 13 Beav. 451 ; Harris
v. Poyner, 1 Drew. 180 ; and contrast
with the last case Chambers v. Chambers, 15 Sim. 190.

(b) Cafe v . Bent, 5 Hare, 35.

(c) Craig v . Wheeler, 29 L. J. N.
S. Ch. 374 ; Morgan v . Morgan, 14
Beav . 82.

[See Macdonald v. Irvine,
8 Ch . D. 101.]