*371
[Сн. XV.
RENEWAL OF LEASES .
such trustee, or tenant for life, or their assets.
But when, by
the permission of the trustee, the tenant for life has
[*371] been in the full enjoyment of the rents and * profits
without deduction for renewals, though the trustee
is primarily answerable to the remainderman, yet the tenant
for life, who has had the actual pernancy, must to that
extent make it good to the trustee (a) .
9. Of fines on
underleases. — And where the leaseholds
were annually renewable for twenty-one years, and the custom had been for the lessee annually to grant underleases
for twenty years, the tenant for life, as bound to pay the
fines to the lessor out of the annual rents and profits, was
declared entitled to the fines paid annually by the underlessees (b) .
How fines to be levied where no direction by the settlor. —
Secondly. It often happens that renewable leaseholds are
devised to trustees with a direction, either expressed or implied, to keep the leases continually renewed, but without any
declaration of intention out of what fund the settlor meant
the expenses to be levied.
1. Where paid by tenant for life or remainderman.
this is the case, the tenant for life and remainderman may
possibly agree to contribute towards the fine out of their own
pockets, at the time of the renewal ; or if the tenant for life
and remainderman cannot agree to join in raising the fine,
one of them may be willing to advance the whole amount
pro tempore out of his own pocket, and then an apportionment on the principles adopted by the Court may be compelled between the tenant for life's estate and the remainderman at the tenant for life's decease, and either party
advancing the fine will have a lien on the renewed lease for
the amount expended beyond his proportional part.
If the
tenant for life and remainderman will neither jointly, nor
will either of them singly advance the fine, then it is said the
Where
(a) Lord Montfort v. Lord Cadogan, ubi supra ; Townley v . Bond, 2
Conn. & Laws . 403, 406, per Sir E.
Sugden; and see Wadley v. Wadley,
2 Coll . 11 ;
[Brigstocke v. Brigstocke,
8 Ch. D. 357.]
(6) Milles v . Milles, 6 Ves. 761 ;
and see Earl Cowley v. Wellesley,
1 L. R. Eq. 656 ; S. C. 35 Beav. 640.
510