*545
[CH. XXL
LEASES OF CHARITY LANDS .
agement of the estate (g).
It was therefore always a direct
violation of duty to grant a lease for one thousand years (h),
not only on the ground before noticed that such a demise
would in effect be an absolute alienation, but also on
[*545] the *principle that no private proprietor would
choose to debar himself from profiting by the progressive improvement of the property.
Sir Thomas Plumer
observed, " The compensation which the trustees receive
may be adequate at the date of the contract, but they are
precluded for one thousand years from any advantage of
increased value.
It is true they are secured from diminution, and in some instances to guard against fluctuation may be as much the interest of one party as the
other; but that would be an answer to all cases in which
the trustees have made an alienation at a fixed rent.
At
the same time," continued his Honour, " it is just to say,
that these principles seem not to have been acted upon
at so early a period as 1670.
In many cases in Duke's
collection the Court acted on inadequacy of value, in none
on mere extent of term" (a) .
55. Husbandry leases.- Husbandry or farm leases should
not be granted for a term certain exceeding twenty-one
years (b).
But neither is this rule to be taken as absolutely
inflexible ; but where the alienation is for any longer period,
as for ninety-nine years, the Court will put it upon those
who are dealing for and with the charity estate to show the
reasonableness of such a transaction, for primâ facie it is
unreasonable ; there is no instance of a power in a marriage
settlement to lease for ninety-nine years, except with refer
(g) See Attorney-General v. Owen,
10 Ves . 560 ;
Attorney-General v.
Brooke, 18 Ves . 326 ; Attorney-General v. Griffith, 13 Ves. 575.
(h) Attorney-General v. Green, 6
Ves . 452; Attorney-General v. Cross,
3Mer. 540 ; Attorney-General v. Dixie
13 Ves .
531 ;
Attorney-General v.
Brooke, 18 Ves . 326.
(a) Attorney-General v. Warren, 2
Sw. 304.
But see Poor of Yervel v.
Sutton, Duke, 43, resolution 2 ; Rowe
v. Almsmen of Tavistock, Id. 42;
Wright v. Newport Pond School, Id.
46 ; Crouch v. Citizens of Worcester,
Id. 33.
(b) See Attorney-General v. Owen,
10 Ves . 560 ;
Attorney-General v.
Backhouse, 17 Ves. 291 ; Rowe v.
Almsmen of Tavistock, Duke, 42;
Wright v. Newport Pond School, Id.
46; Poor of Yervel v. Sutton, Id. 43,
resolution 2;
Attorney-General v.
Pargeter, 6 Beav. 150.