* CHAPTER VI .
OF TRANSMUTATION OF POSSESSION.

[*67]
WHERE there is valuable consideration,¹ and a trust
is intended to be created, formalities are of minor importance,
since if the transaction cannot take effect by way of trust
executed, it may be enforced by a Court of Equity as a contract.
But where there is no valuable consideration, and a
trust is intended, it has been not unfrequently supposed that,
in order to give the Court jurisdiction, there must be Transmutation of possession-i.e., the legal interest must be divested from the settlor, and transferred to some third person.
But
upon a careful examination of the authorities the principle
will be found to be, that whether there was transmutation of
possession or not, the trust will be supported-provided it
was in the first instance perfectly created (a) .
The cases upon this subject may be marshalled under the
following heads :
1. Where some further act is intended.- It is evident that
a trust is not perfectly created where there is a mere intention
of creating a trust, or a voluntary agreement to do so, and the

(a) See Ellison v. Ellison, 6 Ves . 662; Pulvertoft v. Pulvertoft, 18 Ves . 99;
Sloane v. Cadogan, Sug. Vend. & P. Append.; Edwards v. Jones, 1 M. & Cr.
226; Wheatley v. Purdy, 1 Keen, 551; Garrard v. Lauderdale, 2 R. & M. 453;
Collinson v. Patrick, 2 Keen, 123; Dillon v. Coppin, 4 M. & Cr. 647; Meek
v. Kettlewell, 1 Hare, 469; Fletcher v. Fletcher, 4 Hare, 74; Price v.
Price, 14 Beav. 598 ; Bridge v. Bridge, 16 Beav. 315 ; Beech v. Keep, 18
Beav. 285; Donaldson v. Donaldson, 1 Kay, 711 ; Scales v. Maude, 6 De G.
M. & G. 43 ; Airey v. Hall, 3 Sm . & G. 315.

1 Valuable consideration.- Pownal v. Taylor, 10 Leigh, 183; Baldwin v.
Humphrey, 44 N. Y. 609; Haskill v. Freeman, 1 Wms. Eq. 34; Wadsworth
v. Wendell, 5 Johns. Ch. 224 ; Even where a husband conveyed directly to his
wife, it was held a trust; Garner v. Garner, 1 Busb . Eq. 1 ; Livingston v.
Livingston, 2 Johns. Ch. 537; Fellows v. Heermans, 4 Lans. 230 ; Huntly v.
Huntly, 8 Ired. Eq. 250; if the cestui que trust cannot be identified, the trust
cannot be executed; Ownes v. Ownes, 8 C. E. Green, 60; Dillaye v.
Greenough, 45 N. Y. 438 ; if no trustee is named in the deed, the instrument
will be reformed; Burnside v. Wayman, 49 Mo. 356.