*219
ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.
[CH. XII . S. 1 .
particular estate by way of vested interest with the power
under the Statute of Uses or by a common law authority
of passing the fee, but they retain the legal fee simple given
to them in the first instance, on the footing that they were
meant to exercise the discretion given to them by virtue of
their ownership and not by the mere operation of a power (a) .
Baron Parke observed, in the leading case (6), " When an
estate is given to trustees, all the trusts must primâ facie at
least be performed by them by virtue and in respect of the
estate vested in them. - The fee is in terms devised to them,
and it would be a very strained and artificial construction
to hold first that the natural meaning of the words is to
be cut down, because they would give an estate more extensive than the trust required, and then when the trust does
require the whole fee simple, to hold that that must be
supplied by way of power defeating the estate to the
subsequent devisees, and not out of the interest of the
trustees. "
5. Devise to uses.
The rule of construction laid down in
this case has since been followed, even where the language
of the subsequent limitations has been peculiarly applicable
to a devise of the legal estate, as where after the primary
devise to the trustees and their heirs upon limited trusts
with discretionary powers the estate was expressed to be
limited in strict settlement, by a declaration of uses to that
effect (c) .
6. Where the powers do not effect the fee.-But where the
devise, before the late Wills Act, was to trustees and their
heirs upon trust for a person for life, and after her death
upon certain trusts during the minority of her children,
followed by a direct devise to the children on the youngest
attaining 21, without words of limitation (and therefore
(a) Watson v. Pearson, 2 Exch.
581; Blagrave v. Blagrave, 4 Exch.
550; Davies v. Davies, 1 Q. B. 430;
Doe v. Cadogan, 7 Ad. & Ell. 636 ;
Rackham v. Siddall, 1 Mac . & G. 607;
Poad v. Watson, 6 Ell. & Bl. 606 ; and
see Watkins v. Frederick, 11 H. L.
Cas. 358.
593.(b) Watson v. Pearson, 2 Exch.
(c) Blagrave v. Blagrave, 4 Exch.
550; Rackham v. Siddall, 1 Mac. &
G. 607;
[and see Berry v. Berry, 7
Ch. D. 657. ]