CH . XIV. S. 4.

*327

INVESTMENT.

authorise an investment on railway mortgages (f).
And even a power to lend on " approved securities," though it will justify an investment on an ordinary mortgage, might not be held to extend to railway securities (g).
And where trustees are empowered to lend " on such securities as they may approve, " they are still bound to make inquiries, and exercise a sound discretion whether the securities are of sufficient value ; and if in such a case * the trustees lend [* 327]
on any irregular securities, the onus lies on the trustees to show the sufficiency of the security (a).

55. Loan upon a judgment.
Trustees, with power to lend
on real securities, could not lend on personal security with a
judgment entered up against the borrower, [even when] by
1 & 2 Vict. c. 110, judgments were a charge on all the lands
of the debtor, in the same manner as if he had, by writing
under his hand, agreed to charge the same (b).

56. Upon leaseholds for lives.- Trustees having power to
lend on mortgage, ought not to invest on security of leaseholds for lives, for there can be no security without resorting
to a policy of insurance, and then, quatenus the policy, they
rely upon the funds and credit of a private company (c).
In
the case of leaseholds, the lessee generally does not know
the lessor's title; and where this is the case, it is an additional reason why trustees cannot accept the security.
This
restriction, however, does not apply to leases for lives in Ireland renewable for ever (where the power authorises an investment on real securities in Ireland); but the trustee must not
advance more than one half the value of the property (d).

57. Upon leaseholds for years.-Where there is a power to
lend on mortgage of real estates generally, there may be no

(f) Mortimore v. Mortimore, 4 De G. & J. 472.
(g) See Re Simson's Trusts, 1 J. & H. 89 .
(a) Stretton v. Ashmall, 3 Drew. 9; and see Zambaco v. Cassavetti, 11 L. R. Eq. 439 ;
[New London and
Brazilian Bank v. Brocklebank, 21 Ch. D. 302.]
(b) Johnston v. Lloyd, 7 Ir. Eq. Rep. 252.
Decided upon the corresponding enactment in the Irish Act,
3 & 4 Vict. c. 105.
[As to judgments
not charging lands until they have
been actually delivered in execution,
see 27 & 28 Vict. c. 112.]
(c) See Lander v . Weston, 3 Drew. 389; Fitzgerald v . Fitzgerald, 6 Ir. Ch. Rep. 145.
(d) Macleod v. Annesley, 16 Beav. 600.