CH. XVIII. S. 1.

*448
TRUSTEES FOR SALE .
sale is at the request of some other person, where that person
concurs with the trustees in asking for the payment to them
of the money.¹]

65. Receipt of money by solicitor or agent.- The question
whether, where trustees have given a written authority to
their solicitor or agent to receive the purchase-money,
the purchaser can insist upon paying it to the trus- [*448]
tees personally, or to their joint account at a bank
designated by them, has been the subject of discussion and
difference of opinion in the recent case of Re Bellamy and
the Metropolitan Board of Works (a), where it was held by
L. JJ . Cotton and Bowen, diss. L. J. Baggally, and overruling
Kay, J., that in the absence of " special circumstances which
would justify and render it necessary for trustees to grant
power to somebody else to receive purchase-money for them,"
the purchaser could insist on paying his purchase-money in
one of the ways suggested ; and in a subsequent case, Kay, J.,
following Re Bellamy, held that the purchaser could require
all the trustees to attend personally to receive the purchasemoney, if the money was to be paid to them directly (6) .
Where the circumstances are such as justify trustee in
authorising their solicitor to receive the purchase-money,
the 56th section of the Conveyancing and Law of Property
Act, 1881 (c) , will apply, and the production of the deed,
as mentioned in that section, by the solicitor will supply the
place of a written or express authority to him (d) ; but this
section has not altered or enlarged the powers of trustees as
to giving such authority.
In cases not falling within that
section] payment to a solicitor or agent without a written
or other express authority from the trustees, will be no discharge (e) .
However, if the money has been put into a
[(a) 24 Ch. D. 387 ; but see] Robertson v . Armstrong, 28 Beav . 123 ;
Hope v. Liddell, 21 Beav. 202 [Webb
v. Ledsam, 1 K. & J. 385 ; Ferrier v.
Ferrier, 11 L. R. Ir. 56; ] and see
Sugden's Vend. & Purch. 14th ed . 667.
[(b) Re Flower and Metropolitan
Board of Works, 27 Ch. D. 592.]
[(c) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 56.]
[(d) Re Bellamy and Metropolitan
Board of Works , 24 Ch. D. 387.]
(e) Re Fryer, 3 K. & J. 317 ; and
see Viney v. Chaplin, 2 De G. & J.
468; [Ex parte Swinbanks, 11 Ch. D.
525.]
1Re Ward's Estates, 28 Ch. D. 100.
609