*135
[CH. VIII. S. 2 .
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
appropriate as he pleased," with a recommendation to divide
amongst certain persons (j), to divide and dispose of the
savings (k), or the bulk of the property (l), or where the
donee of the property had power to dispose of any part he
pleased, whether expressly given him, or arising from implication, or from the nature of the subject (m).
[So, where
the testator gave all his property to his wife and expressed
his " wish that whatever property his wife might possess at
her death should be equally divided between his children,"
the wife was held to be absolutely entitled (n).
But where
the recommendation was that the legatee, in case she married
again, should settle what she possessed under the testator's
will to her separate use, and should bequeath what she
should die possessed of under the will in favour of
[*135] certain * persons, it was held that the whole personal
estate was overreached by the trust (a) .
7. Whether trust or power, is a question of intention, not of
grammatical import. - Where both objects and property are
certain, yet no trust will arise, if the testator expressly declare that the language is not to be deemed imperative, or
the construing it a trust would be a contradiction to the
terms in which the preceding bequest is given (b) ; or if, all
circumstances considered, it is more probable that the testator meant to communicate a mere discretion (c) ; or if a testator give an estate to a feme covert to be her sole and separate
property, " with power to appoint to her husband or children " (d) ; or the testator at the same time declare that the
234.
221.
(j) White v. Briggs, 15 Sim. 33.
(k) Cowman v. Harrison, 10 Hare,
(1) Palmer v. Simmonds, 2 Drew.
(m) Malim v. Keighley, 2 Ves. jun.
531, per Lord Loughborough ; and
see Knight v. Knight, 3 Beav. 174;
11 Cl. & Fin.
513; Huskisson v .
Bridge, 4 De G. & Sm. 245 .
96.]
387 .
[(n) Parnell v. Parnell, 9 Ch . D.
(a) Horwood v. West, 1 S. & S.
(b) Webb v . Wools, 2 Sim. N. S.
267; Huskisson v. Bridge, 4 De G. &
Sm . 245 .
(c) Bull v. Vardy, 1 Ves. jun. 270;
Knott v. Cottee, 2 Phill. 192 ; Knight
v. Knight, 3 Beav. 148 ; Meggison
v. Moore, 2 Ves. jun. 630 ; Hill v.
Bishop of London, 1Atk.618 ; House
v. House, W. N. 1874, p. 189 ; and
see Paul v. Compton, 8 Ves . 380;
Knight v. Knight, 3 Beav. 174 ; 11
Cl. & Fin . 513 ; Lefroy v. Flood, 4 Ir.
Ch. Rep. 1 ; Shepherd v. Nottidge, 2
J. & H. 766 ; Eaton v. Watts, 2 W. R.
108.
(d) Brook v . Brook, 3 Sm. & Gif.
184