CH. VIII . S. 1.

*121
IN WILLS .

waste (g), and a direction to settle to the separate use without power of anticipation is inconsistent with a life estate
without impeachment of waste (h) .
* Limitation to preserve contingent remainders.-Be- [*121]
fore 8 & 9 Vict. c. 106, the Court took care that proper
limitations to trustees should be inserted after the life estates
for the preservation of contingent remainders (a) ; and although, by the effect of the Act referred to, contingent remainders are no longer destructible by the forfeiture, merger,
or surrender of the previous life estate, the limitations to trustees to preserve may still, it is conceived, be properly interposed, with the view of affording a convenient means of protecting the interests of contingent remaindermen in the event
of wilful waste or destruction being committed by the tenant
for life before any remainderman comes in esse (b) .
19. First freehold in trustees. -In a case occurring before
the Fines and Recoveries Act, (3 & 4 W. 4. c. 74), where
the testator had shown an anxious wish that the power of
defeating the entail should be as much restricted as possible,
the Court, instead of giving the first freehold to the tenant
for life , which would have enabled him to make a tenant to
the præcipe, ordered the freehold during his life to be vested
in trustees in trust for him (c) .
Protector.- However, in a case occurring after the Fines
and Recoveries Act, where an estate was vested in a trustee
upon trust to execute a strict settlement on Lady Le Despencer and her family, and the Master,to whom a reference
was directed, approved of a settlement on Lady Le Despencer for life, &c., but refused to appoint a protector under the
32nd section of the Act, the Court held that, though in
certain cases it might be advisable to appoint a protector,
there should be special circumstances to warrant it ; that

(g) Stanley v. Coulthurst,10 L. R.
Eq. 259 ; Davenport v. Davenport, 1
H. & Μ. 779.

(h) Clive v. Clive, 7 L. R. Ch .
App. 433.
v. Baskerville, 2 Atk. 279; Trevor v.
Trevor,
13 Sim . 108; Stamford v.
Hobart, 3 B. P. C. 31; and see Hopkins v. Hopkins, 1 Atk. 593.

(a) Harrison v. Naylor, 2 Cox,
247; S. C. 3 B. C. C. 108 ; Woolmore
v. Burrows, 1 Sim. 512; Baskerville

(b) Garth v . Cotton, 1 Ves. 554.

(c) Woolmore v. Burrows, 1 Sim .
512, see 527 .