CH . XXIII . S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES.
*585

language of Lord Cranworth's Act (which did not apply to
a life interest) being copied without the necessary modification, and until the point has been decided it will be prudent,
in any instrument giving a life interest to an infant, to insert
a maintenance clause and exclude the operation of the section.

30.
Conflicting powers under the recent Act.-It is to be
observed that cases may easily arise in which the trustees
would be in a position to exercise either the powers of sect.
42, or those of sect. 43 of the late Act, as for instance if
under an instrument coming into operation since the 31st
December, 1881, real estate were vested in them in trust for
an infant for life, and the trustees had a power of sale or of
consenting to the exercise of a power of sale ; and as the
accumulations of income would or might go in different
channels according as the trustees were acting under the
one section or the other, they would be placed in a
position of difficulty.
It is conceived that if it [*585]
were requisite for the trustees to exercise any of the
special powers of sect. 42, they would be treated as having
entered into possession under that section, and that the
accumulations of income would go accordingly, but that in a
simple case where the trustees merely received the income
as legal owners and had no occasion to exercise any of the
powers of sect. 42, the accumulations would go as directed
by sect. 43.
It would, however, be prudent, in framing any
instrument under which the difficulty could arise, to provide
for the disposition of the accumulations.

31.
Out of principal.
Where the amount of the legacy is
inconsiderable, as 100l., the Court would, in the absence of
other means, direct maintenance to the child out of the principal itself (a) ; the executor, therefore, who, under similar
(a) Ex parte Green, 1 J. & W. 253 ;
Ex parte Chambers, 1 R. & M. 577 ;
Ex parte Swift, Ib. 575; Re Mary
England, Id. 499 ; Harvey v. Harvey,
2 P. W. 21 ; Ex parte Hays, 3 De G.
& Sm. 485.
In Re Howarth, 8 L. R.
Ch. App. 415, the Lords Justices held
that the Court had jurisdiction to
order maintenance, where there were
no other means, out of the corpus of
an infant's freehold estate ; and in
De Witte v. Palin, 14 L. R. Eq. 251,
V. C. Malins allowed maintenance to
be raised by a charge on reversionary
property.
791