CH. XIX.]
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE .
*502

wasting nature, and the tenant for life could not be compelled to preserve it against natural decay. A power to invest on Government Annuities would not justify the purchase of Long Annuities, and there is a similar difference between land and houses, the former being worth about
thirty years purchase, and the latter much less, so that the
tenant for life would be benefited at the expense of the
remainderman (a) .

11. Ground rents.-Even a purchase of ground rents of
houses, though coming under the description in the trust
deed of " hereditaments," is not free from objection, for the
object would of course be to procure for the tenant for life
a higher income, but this would be at the cost of the
remainderman in point of security.
Should the houses be burnt
down, and should the lessee have neglected to insure or the
insurance monies not be forthcoming, the trustee might have
nothing to show for the purchase but a worthless site, and
then the remainderman might seek to hold him responsible
as for a fraudulent execution of his trust in equity, though
the purchase was within the words of the trust according to
the letter (6) .
However, it has been held that the purchase
of freehold ground rents reserved upon building leases for
ninety-nine years is justifiable under a power to purchase
"hereditaments in fee-simple in possession " (c) .

12. A timbered estate. -Again, if a sum be given to be
laid out in the purchase of an estate to be settled on a person
for life without impeachment of waste, with remainders over,
trustees should not purchase a wood estate, as the tenant for
life, on being put into possession, could by a fall of the
timber possess himself of a great part of the capital or corpus
of the fund (d) ; and, on the contrary, if the tenant for life
were impeachable for waste, he would lose the fruit of so
much as was the value of the timber (e).
But trustees
may purchase an estate where the timber forms no over

(a) See Moore v. Walter, 8 L. T.
N. S. 448 .

(b) See Read v. Shaw, Sugd. Powers , Append. 953; and see Ib. p. 864,
8th ed.; and Middleton v. Pryor,
Amb. 393.

(c) Re Peyton's Settlement, 7 L.
R. Eq. 463.

(d) See the subject discussed in
Burges v. Lamb, 16 Ves. 174.

(e) But see now 45 & 46 Vict. c.
38, s . 35, under which a tenant for life