*240
[CH. XII . S. 2.
BANKRUPTCY OF TRUSTEES .
tors (f) , factors (g), &c.; and by the recent Bankruptcy
Acts (h) it is expressly enacted that the bankrupt's
[*240] * property shall not be taken to comprise property
held by the bankrupt in trust for any other person.
4. Nor the property
into which the trust estate has been
converted.- Where the trust estate or fund has been converted into property of a different character, the new acquisition will equally be protected against the effects of the bankruptcy ; for the product or substitute of the original thing
must follow the nature of the thing from which it proceeded (a) .
Thus, if goods consigned to a factor be sold
by him and reduced into money, so long as the money can
be identified, as, where it has been kept in a bag, the employer,
and not the creditors, will have the benefit of that specific
sum (b) .
When money is said to have no ear-mark, the
meaning is no more than this, that, being the currency of
the country, it cannot be followed when once it has passed
in circulation (c) .
[5. Harris v. Truman.- So where money was paid into
a bank by a firm of brewers, and an agent was allowed to
draw upon the account in order to provide himself with
funds for purchasing barley to be malted for the brewers,
and the agent bought large quantities of barley, and also
(although not authorised so to do) of malt, and drew largely
upon the account, but in lieu of paying for the barley and
malt, misappropriated the moneys which he received and
subsequently became a bankrupt, it was held (1) that the
moneys drawn out by the agent were impressed with a trust
(f) Howard v. Jemmett, 3 Burr.
1369 , per Lord Mansfield ; Ex parte
Butler, 1 Atk. 213, per Lord Hardwicke; Viner v. Cadell, 3 Esp. 88 ;
Farr v. Newman, 4 T. R. 629 , per Grose
J.; see Ex parte Ellis, 1 Atk. 101.
(g) Godfrey v. Furzo, 3 P. W. 186,
per Lord King ; Tooke v. Hollingworth, 5 T. R. 226, per Lord Kenyon ;
L'Apostre v . Le Plaistrier, cited Copeman v . Gallant, 1 P. W. 318; Delauney
v. Barker, 2 Stark. 539 ; Boddy v.
Esdaile, 1 Car. & P. 62; see Ex parte
Dumas, 2 Ves. 582 ; S. C. 1 Atk. 232;
Paul v. Birch, 2 Atk. 623 ; Ryall v.
Rolle, 1 Atk. 172; Ex parte Chion,
note (A) to Godfrey v. Furzo, 3 P.
W. 187.
(h) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 71, s. 15 ; [46
& 47 Vict. c. 52, s . 44.]
(a) See Taylor v. Plumer, 3 M. &
S. 575; Scott v. Surman, Willes, 404;
[Ex parte Cooke, 4 Ch. D. 123.]
(b) Tooke v. Hollingworth, 5 T. R.
227, per Lord Kenyon; see Taylor v .
Plumer, 3 M. & S. 571 .
(c) Miller v. Race, 1 Burr. 457,
per Lord Mansfield.
330