CH. XII. S. 2.

*245
BANKRUPTCY OF TRUSTEES .

beyond the limits of its own legal powers, could not consent
as true owner (k) .
19. Whether bare trustee a
“ true owner." - Whether the
permission of a
bare trustee can be said to be
*that of the " true owner," to the prejudice of his [*245]
innocent cestuis que trust is a question of some difficulty (a).
It has been decided that a cestui que trust absolutely entitled is a true owner within the meaning of the
Act (b).
But here the trustee is a mere passive depositary,
and can do no act without the direction of his cestui que
trust (c) ; but the case is different, where, as in a marriage
settlement, a fund is vested in trustees in trust for persons
under disability or not in existence, and it is therefore intended that they should act on behalf of all parties as the
absolute proprietors.
It would seem that here the trustees
are regarded as the true owners, and that if the funds are
left by the trustees in the order and disposition of the bankrupt, they are so left with the consent of the true owners (d) .
20. Of judgments against the trustee. - Judgments, at least
so far as they affect lands (for execution against goods and
chattels is by common law), derive their origin from certain
statutory enactments (e) .
Had trusts been established at the time when these statutes
were passed, the construction would probably have been the
same as in the case of the Bankruptcy Acts, that is, judgments would have been held to bind those lands only of
which the cestui que trust was seised beneficially ; but trusts at the
period of which we are speaking had not made their appearance (k) .
Great Eastern Railway Company v . Turner, 8 L. R. Ch . App. 149.
(a) See Ex parte Richardson , Buck,
480 ; Ex parte Horwood, 1 Mont. & Mac. 169, Mont. 24; Viner
v. Cadell, 3 Esp. 88 ; Ex parte Geaves,
8De G. M. and G. 291 .
(b) Ex parte Burbridge, 1 Deac.
131; 4Deac. & Ch. 87; and see Day
v. Day, 1 De G. & J. 144.
[(c) See Ex parte Culley, 9 Ch . D.
307; Exparte Dearle, 14 Q. B. D.
184, which show that a mere trustee
of a debt for an absolute beneficial
owner not under disability cannot
alone sustain a petition for adjudication of bankruptcy against
the debtor.]
(d) Ex parte Caldwell, 13.L. R.
Eq. 188 ; Darby v. Smith, 8 T. R. 82 ;
Ex parte Dale, Buck, 365; and see
Hensley v. Wills, 16 L. T. N. S. 582.
(e) 11 E. 1; 13 E. 1, st. 1, с. 18 ;
13 E. 1, st. 3 ; 27 E. 3, st. 2, c. 9; see
Co. Lit. 289, b.
337