CH. XVIII . S. 2.]
*453

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .
Lord Cranworth's Act.-By Lord Cranworth's Act, 23 & 24
Vict. c. 145, s. 29 (passed 28th August, 1860), it was enacted
that " The receipts in writing of any trustees or trustee for
any money payable to them or him by reason or in exercise
of any trusts or powers " should be good discharges ; but by
section 34, the operation of the Act was expressly confined
to instruments executed after the passing of the Act .
[44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.-By the Conveyancing and Law of
Property Act, 1881, which repealed the 29th section of Lord
Cranworth's Act, " the receipts in writing of any trustees or
trustee for any money, securities, or other personal property
or effects payable, transferable, or deliverable to them or him
under any trust or power" are made sufficient discharges,
and the section applies to trusts created either before or after
the commencement of the Act (a) .]
As the clauses in [the Acts prior to the Conveyancing
and Law of Property Act, 1881, were not restrospective,
and questions may still arise on titles as to the validity of
receipts by trustees who had no express powers of signing
receipts,] it is necessary to consider generally and apart
from legislative enactment the power of trustees for sale to
sign receipts.
1.
Principle of requiring a purchaser to see to the application
of his purchase-money.
As a general rule, if a person have
in his hands money or other property to which another person is entitled, he cannot discharge himself from liability but
by payment or transfer to the true owner. If an estate
be vested in A. upon trust to sell and * divide the [*453]
proceeds between B. and C., in a Court of law the
absolute ownership is in A., and his receipt, therefore, will
discharge the purchaser; but in equity B. and C., the cestuis
que trust, are the true proprietors, and A. is merely the
instrument for the execution of the settlor's purpose, and
the receipt, therefore, to be effectual, must be signed by B.
and C. (a) .
[(a) 44 & 45 Vict. c.41, ss. 36, 71.]
(a) See Weatherby v. St. Giorgio,
2 Hare, 624.
The power of the vendor to sign a discharge for the purchase-money is a question not of
conveyance but of title; Forbes v.Peacock, 12 Sim. 521.
615