CH . VIII. S. 2.

*139
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
a valid receipt for the fund, the subject of the trust (l).
And the person bound by the trust is regarded in the same
light as a committee of a lunatic, or guardian of an infant (m), that is, he has a duty imposed upon him ; but so long as he discharges that duty, he is entitled to the surplus
for his own benefit, and the Court requires from him no account retrospectively of the application of the fund (n), and
allows him prospectively to propose any reasonable arrangement how the object of the trust may be accomplished (o), or will order payment to him on his undertaking to maintain the children properly,
with liberty to the children to apply (a).
Should the person
bound by the trust become by misconduct unfit to maintain
and educate the children, the Court will not allow him to
receive the fund (b) ; and should the fiduciary assign his
interest, the Court will inquire what part is needed for the
maintenance and education of the children, and will give
the surplus only to the assignee (c).
14. Forisfamiliation.-It follows from these principles that
if there be no children born (d), or if they have since
died (e), the person bound by the trust takes the whole produce for his own benefit.
So the children lose their claim if
they become forisfamiliated, i.e., cease to be members of or
to belong to the establishment contemplated by the testator,
as if a child marry (f), or under other circumstances maintain a separate establishment (g), for it can scarcely be supposed that the testator intended that his property should go to strangers.
1. Woods v. Woods, 1 M. & Cr.
409, per Lord Cottenham ; Raikes v.
Ward, 1 Hare, 449, per V. C. Wigram; Cooper v. Thornton, 3 B. C. C.
186; Robinson v. Tickell, 8 Ves. 142;
Crockett v. Crockett, 1 Hare, 451, 2
Phil. 553; Greene v. Greene, 3 Ir. R.
Eq. 102, per cur.; but see Webb v.
Wools, 2 Sim. N. S. 272 .
(m) As to the position of committees and guardians
see
Jodrell v.
Jodrell, 14 Beav. p. 411-413.
(n) Leach v. Leach, 13 Sim. 304 ;
Browne v . Paull, 1 Sim . N. S. 92 ;
Carr v. Living, 28 Beav. 644; Hora
v. Hora, 33 Beav. 88.
(o) Raikes v . Ward, 1 Hare, 450.
(a) Crockett v. Crockett, 1 Hare,
451 ; Hadow v. Hadow, 9 Sim. 438 .
(b) Castle v. Castle, 1 De G. &J. 352 .
(c) Carr v. Living, 28 Beav. 644;
Scott v. Key, 35 Beav. 291 .
(d) Hammond v. Neame, 1 Swans .
35 ; Cape v . Cape, 2 Y. & C. Ex. 543 ;
Re Main's Settlement, 15 W. R. 216.
(e) Bushnell v. Parsons, Pr. Ch .
219.
(f) Bowden v. Laing, 14 Sim. 113 ;
Carr v . Living, 28 Beav. 644; Staniland v . Staniland, 34 Beav. 536 ; Massey v . Massey, W. N. 1873, p. 76.
(g) See Thorp v. Owen, 2 Hare,
189