CH. XVIII. S. 2.

*463

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.

therefore took the legal estate upon the trusts of the will,
the first of which was to pay the testator's debts.
It is certainly not a little remarkable that after an examination of
all the authorities upon the subject, there does not appear to
be one in which the trustee has sold alone, without the concurrence of the executor.
This circumstance may be easily
accounted for, as trustees of the will are almost invariably
appointed executors also, and where that is not the case, the
purchaser naturally requires the concurrence of the executor,
not on the ground that he is the vendor, but to satisfy the
purchaser that the sale of the real estate is bonâ fide from
the insufficiency of the personal assets.
In some of the cases
the Court has noticed, but not laid any stress upon, the circumstance of the personal representative concurring (b), or
of the characters of trustee and personal representative being
combined ; but in others that fact has been passed over in
silence as a mere accident, and the Court has relied on the
general doctrine that a trustee of the estate charged with
debts could sell and sign a valid discharge for the purchasemoney (c) .
In Doe v. Hughes (d), the case most adverse to
the powers arising from a charge of debts, it was admitted
that by a devise to trustees of the real estate, subject to a
charge of debts, the trustees had thereby imposed upon them
the duty of raising the money to pay the debts, and this
was the opinion of Lord Hardwicke, as expressed in a case
which we do not remember to have seen cited.
In Ex parte
Turner (e), where the estate had been given subject
to debts, but no express trust was created for * the [*463]
purpose, he observed, " Where a devise is general
(b) See Shaw v. Borrer, 1 Keen,
559 ; Forbes v. Peacock, 12 Sim . 537 ;
and see V.C. Knight Bruce's remarks
upon Shaw v. Borrer, and Ball v.
Harris, in Gosling v. Carter, 1 Coll .
649.
But in Ball v. Harris, the V. C.
of England observed, " It is manifest
that Harris (the trustee), who had
the legal fee was competent to mortgage that estate to any person who
would advance money for the benefit
of the testator's estate," 8 Sim. 497 ;
and it is equally clear that Lord Cottenham was of opinion that Harris
was a trustee for payment of debts, 4 M. & Cr. 267 .
(c) See Ball v. Harris, at the passages referred to in the preceding
note;
Forbes v. Peacock, 12 Sim.
546.
(d) 6 Exch . 231.
(e) 9 Mod. 418; and see Colyer v.
Finch, 5 H. L. Cas . 922.
627