*531
[Сн. ХХІ.
TRUSTEES OF
CHARITIES .

propriate supervisor (e).
And the mode of application to
the Lord Chancellor in these cases is by petition to the
Great Seal (f) .
We now proceed to the consideration of the duties of
trustees of charities .

9. Fund must be applied to the charity prescribed.- It is
of course imposed upon the trustees, whether individuals
or a corporation, not to convert the charity fund to other
uses than according to the intent of the founder or donor ;
so long as those uses are capable of execution (g).
Thus if
the gift be to find a preacher in Dale, it would be a breach
of trust to provide one in Sale ; if itbe to find a
[*531] preacher, it would be a breach of trust to apply it * to
the poor (a) : if the trust be for the poor of O., it
would be a breach of trust to extend it to other parishes (b) :
if the trust be to repair a chapel, the rents must not be
mixed up with the poor-rate for parochial purposes (c) : if a
fund be raised for erecting a hospital, it cannot be diverted
to lighting, paving, and cleansing the town (d) .

10. Chapel for school.-A chapel was granted to the trustees of a school for the use and benefit of the said school,
and though the inhabitants of the hamlet had been long
accustomed to attend divine service in the chapel, it was
held that they could not be allowed to continue to do so.

[By 36 & 37 Vict. c. 66, s. 17, the visitatorial
jurisdiction of the Lord Chancellor is
reserved to him and is not transferred
to the High Court of Justice or the
Court of Appeal .]

(f) See the cases cited in notes
(b) and (c) ; and Ex parte Inge, 2 R.
& M. 594 ; Re Queen's College, Cambridge, 5 Russ. 54 ; Re University
College, Oxford, 2 Ph. 521 .

(g) See Attorney-General v. Sherborne School, 18 Beav. 256; Attorney-General v. Calvert, 23 Beav. 248 ;
Attorney-General v. Corporation of
Rochester, 5 De G. M. & G. 797 ; In
re Stafford Charities, 25 Beav. 28 ;
Attorney-General v. Boucherett, 25
Beav. 116 ; Attorney-General v. Gould,
28 Beav . 485; Ward v. Hipwell, 3
Giff. 547 .

(a) Duke, 116; Attorney-General v. Newbury Corporation, C. P. Coop.
Cases, 1837-38, 72 ; Attorney-General v.Goldsmiths' Company, Ib. 292;
and see Wivélescom case, Duke, 94.

(b) Attorney-General v. Brandreth,
1 Y. & C. C. С. 200.

(c) Attorney-General v. Vivian, 1
Rucs . 226, see 237 .

(d) Attorney-General v. Kell,
2
Beav. 575.

722