*272
[Сн. ХІІІ.
LIABILITY OF CO-EXECUTORS .
conclusive, but the Court will see who actually received, and
charge that person accordingly " (b).
The distinction taken
by Lord Harcourt has by subsequent authorities been clearly
overruled (c) .
Executor may be answerable to creditors when not to legatees.
Lord Redesdale, however, has rightly observed, that
" there may be a case, where executors would be charged as
against creditors, though not as against legatees ; for legatees
are bound by the terms of the will, creditors are not, and
therefore, if the testator direct the executors to collect the
assets, and pay the proceeds into the hands of A., which is
done accordingly, and A. fails, if a creditor remain unpaid,
he may charge the executors ; but, as regards a legatee, the
executors may justify themselves by the directions of the
will" (d) .
9. Executor responsible for any act which puts assets into
the hands of a co-executor. - On the same principle that an
executor is liable for joining in a receipt, he is responsible for
any act by which he reduces any part of the testator's property into the sole possession of his co-executor (e), as if an
executor join in drawing (f), or indorsing (g), a bill, or be
otherwise instrumental in giving to his co-executor possession of any part of the property (h).
So it is laid down in
an old case, that " if by agreement between the executors
one be to receive and intermeddle with such a part of the
estate, and the other with such a part, each of them will be
chargeable for the whole, because the receipts of each are
pursuant to the agreement made betwixt both " (i).
[*272] So an executor is answerable, if he give * a power
of attorney, or other authority, to his co-executor
(f) Sadler v. Hobbs, 2 B. С. С.
(6) Harden v. Parsons, 1 Eden, 147.
(c) See Sadler v. Hobbs, 2 В. С. С.
117; and see Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch .
& Lef. 239 .
(d) Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch . & Lef.
239, 245.
(e) Townsend v. Barber, 1 Dick.
356; Moses v. Levi, 3 Y. & C. 359 ;
Candler v. Tillett, 22 Beav . 263, per
M. R.
114.
(g) Hovey v. Blakeman, 4 Ves.
608, per Lord Alvanley.
(h) Clough v . Dixon, 3 M. & Cr.
497, per Lord Cottenham; and see
Dines v . Scott, T. & R. 361 .
(i) Gill v . Attorney-General , Hard.
314;
[ Lewis v . Nobbs, 8 Ch. D. 591 ;]
see Moses v . Levi , 3 Y. & C. 359.
374