*33
[CH. III. S. 2.
FEME COVERT.
John Trevor, she rather improves it by her husband's teaching (c) .
The reasons upon which her disabilities are founded,
are her own interest or her husband's, or both (d) .
Where
these are not concerned, she possesses as much legal capacity
as if she were perfectly sui juris .
Thus, she may execute
powers simply collateral (e), and (somewhat contrary to
principle) even powers appendant, or in gross (f).
Now at
law, the trustee is considered as the sole and absolute proprietor, and therefore he can have no power that does not
flow from the legal ownership; but in equity, the absolute
interest is vested in the cestui que trust, and, as the trustee is
regarded in the light of a mere instrument, any authority
communicated to a trustee must have the character of a
power simply collateral (g) .
It follows that if a discretionary trust be committed to a feme covert, there is nothing to
prevent her due administration of it, so far as relates to her
legal judgment and capacity.
At the same time a woman's
will is not always her own, and if a trust were confided to
a feme covert, the husband would, in fact, exercise no little
influence ; and, indeed, as [in cases not falling within the
Married Women's Property Act, 1882], the husband is liable
for her breaches of trust, he must, for his own protection,
look to the manner in which she discharges the office, and
therefore she cannot be allowed to execute the trust without
his concurrence (h).
(This last remark, however, does not
apply to the case of a married woman appointed a trustee,
or to a feme sole trustee, marrying since the recent Act (i),
in both of which cases the husband
is exempted from
330, per Sir John Trevor ; and see
marginal note to Moore v. Hussey,
Hob. 95; and see Needler v. Bishop
of Winchester, Hob . 225.
(c) Bell v. Hyde, Pr. Ch. 330.
(d) Compton v. Collinson, 2 B. C.
C. 387, per Buller, J.
(e) Co. Lit. 112, a; ib. 187, b;
Lord Antrim v. Duke of Buckingham,
2 Freem . 168, per Lord Keeper Bridgman; Blithe's case, ib. 91, vid. 2d
resolution ; Godolphin v. Godolphin,
1 Ves . 23, per Lord Hardwicke .
(f) See Sugden on Powers, c. 5,
sect. 1, 8th Ed.
(g) See infra.
(h) See Smith v. Smith, 21 Beav.
385; Drummond v. Tracy,
Johns .
608; Kingham v. Lee, 15 Sim. 401 ;
Avery v . Griffin, 6 L. R. Eq . 606 ;
Lloyd v. Pughe, 8 L. R. Ch . App . 88 ;
Wainford
Heyl, 20 L. R. Eq. 321 ;
[Re Smith's Estate, 48 L. J. N. S. Ch .
205].
[(i) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75, ss. 1, 18,
24.]