*181
[Сн. Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
lease, as a tenant for life (a), though with an absolute power
of appointment, but which he does not exercise (b), a mortgagee (c), devisee subject to debts and legacies (d), or to an
annuity (e) , a joint tenant (f), or partner (g), renew the term upon his own account, he shall hold for the benefit of
all parties interested in the old lease ; for in consideration of
equity the subject of the settlement is not only the lease,
but also the right of renewal ; and no person taking only a
limited interest can avail himself of the situation in which
the settlement has placed him to obtain a disproportionate
advantage in derogation of the rights of others who have
similar claims .
[So where a lessee had assigned the original lease by way
of settlement and subsequently, without disclosing the settlement, took a new lease for a longer term in consideration of
(in addition to a money payment) the surrender of the lease
which was erroneously stated to be vested in him, the renewed lease was held to be bound by the settlement (h) .]
(a) Eyre v. Dolphin, 2 B. & Β.
290; Rawe v. Chichester, Amb . 715;
Coppin v. Fernyhough, 2 В. С. С.
291; Pickering v. Vowles, 1 B. C.
C. 197;
Taster v. Marriott, Amb .
668; Owen
v .
Williams,
id. 734;
James v. Dean, 11 Ves . 383 ; S. C. 15
Ves . 236; Kempton v. Packman, cited
7 Ves . 176 ; Giddings v . Giddings, 3
Russ . 241; Nesbitt v. Tredennick, 1
B. & B. 46, per Lord Manners ; Crop
v. Norton, 9 Mod. 233; Buckley v.
Lanauze , Ll. & G. Rep. t. Plunket,
327; Tanner v. Elworthy, 4 Beav.
487; Waters v. Bailey, 2 Y. & C. C.
C. 218; Yem v. Edwards, 3 K. & J.
564; 1 De G. & J. 598 ; Stratton v.
Murphy, 1 Ir. Rep. Eq. 345.
And
see Hill v. Hill , 8 I. R. Eq . 140, 622 ;
In the matter of P. Dane, 5 Ir. Eq.
498;
[Re Lord Ranelagh's Will , 26
Ch. D. 590.]
45. (b) Brookman v. Hales, 2 V. & Β.
(c) Rushworth's case, Freem. 13 ;
Nesbitt v . Tredennick, 1 B. & Β. 46,
per Lord Manners.
(d) Jackson v. Welsh, Ll. & G.
Rep. t. Plunket, 346.
(e) Winslow v. Tighe, 2 B. & Β.
195; Stubbs v. Roth, id. 548 ; and
see Webb v . Lugar, 2 Y. & C. 247 ;
Jones v. Kearney, 1 Conn. & Laws,
34.
(f) Palmer v. Young, 1 Vern.
276.
(g) Featherstonhaugh v. Fenwick,
17 Ves . 298 ; Ex parte Grace, 1 Bos.
& Pul. 376; Clegg v . Fishwick, 1
Mac. & G. 294; Clegg v. Edmondson,
8 De G. M. & G. 787 .
[(h) Re Lulham, 53 L. J. N. S. Ch.
928; 32 W. R. 1013 ; affirmed 33 W.
R. 788.]
17 Johns . 538 ; of eighteen; Bell v. Webb, 2 Gill. 163 ; it seems that the
time would depend upon the circumstances of the case ; Michoud v. Girod,
4 How. 561 ; Boone v . Chiles, 10 Pet. 177.
See post Statute of Limitations and
note.
252