*206

[Сн. ХІ.
АСsertance of the Tr ust.
18. One nominated a trustee may sue as such without written acceptance.-If a person be asked and consent to become
a trustee of a marriage-settlement, and thereupon his name is
introduced into articles as the basis of the settlement, he may
sue the parties bound by the articles for specific performance,
though he may not have executed any written instrument
declaratory of his acceptance of the trust (c) .
19. Of acceptance under hand and seal.- With respect to
the liability of the trustee, it is perfectly immaterial to him
whether he declare his acceptance of the office by deed or
parol, or his consent be implied from his acts, for in each case
the obligations imposed upon him are precisely the same (d) .
In the event of a breach of trust, the consequences to the
parties beneficially interested admitted until recent enactments of a slight variation. A breach of trust creates per
se a simple contract debt only (e); but, if the trustee has
covenanted under his hand and seal to execute the trust,
even though the heirs be not named, the breach of trust,
thus becoming a specialty debt, would, as respects legal
assets, and as to the estates of testators or intestates who
died before January, 1870, take precedence of simple contract debts (f) .
However, the mere fact of a trustee being
made a party to and executing a deed appointing him to that
office, does not of itself amount to a covenant on his part
to execute the trusts, if the deed do not contain any words
which could be construed a covenant at law (g); and if
the deed do contain such words, yet the trustee
[*206] * cannot be sued upon covenant if he did not execute the deed ; though, of course, after accepting
(c) Cook v. Fryer, 1 Hare, 498.
(d) See Lord Montfort v . Lord
Cadogan, 19 Ves . 638.
(e) Vernon v. Vawdry, 2 Atk. 119 ;
S. C. Barn . 280 ; Cox v. Bateman, 2
Ves. 19; Kearnan v. Fitzsimon, 3
Ridg . P. C. 18 ; Lockhart v. Reilly,
1 De G. & J. 464; Jenkins v. Robertson , 1 Eq . Rep. 123.
(f) Wood v . Hardisty, 2 Coll . 542;
(see as to this case 1 Eq. Rep. 125) ;
Re Dickson, 12 L. R. Eq. 154; Gifford v. Manley, For. 109; Mavor v.
Davenport, 2 Sim. 227; Benson v.
Benson, 1 P. W. 131; Deg v. Deg, 2
P. W. 414 ; Turner v. Wardle, 7 Sim .
80; Primrose v. Bromley, 1 Atk. 89 ;
Cummins v. Cummins, 3 Jones & Lat.
64; see Baily v. Ekins, 2 Dick. 632 ;
Norris v. Sadleir, 8 I. R. Eq. 161, 519.
(g) Adey v . Arnold, 2 De G. M.
& G. 433; Isaacson v. Harwood, 3 L.
R. Ch. App. 225; Holland v. Holland,
4 L. R. Ch. App. 449; Newport v.
284