*537
[CH. XXI.
TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES.

education in any grammar school is extended to other useful
branches of literature and science, in addition to or in lieu of
the Greek and Latin languages, or such other instruction as
may be required by the terms of the foundation, or the existing statutes.

25. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 56.-By the Endowed Schools
[*537] Act, 1869, (32 & 33 Vict. c. 56), * the Commissioners appointed by Her Majesty to inquire into Schools
were empowered, by sect. 9, " in such manner as might render any educational endowment most conducive to the advancement of education, to alter and add to any existing,
and to make any new trusts, directions, and provisions in
lieu of any existing trusts, directions, and provisions."
But
by sect. 14, the Act was not to apply to charities created less
than fifty years before the commencement of the Act, unless
the governing body of the endowment assented to the new
scheme. By 37 & 38 Vict. c. 87, the powers of the Endowed
Schools Commissioners have been transferred to the Charity
Commissioners, and certain amendments of the law have
been introduced.

[26. London Parochial Charities Act. -By the City of London Parochial Charities Act, 1883 (a), the Charity Commissioners are empowered " to inquire into the nature, tenure,
and value of all the property and endowments" of certain
parochial charities of the City of London, and to prepare
schemes for " the future application and management of the
charity property and endowments."
But by sect. 21, no
scheme is to affect any endowment originally given to charitable uses less than fifty years before the commencement of
the Act unless the governing body assent to the scheme.
By sect. 39, power is given to the Commissioners to direct
the sale of any part of the charity property upon such terms
and conditions, and to such purchasers, as they may think
fit ; and the trustees for the time being of such property are
thereupon to effect such sale. By sect. 48, a new corporate
governing body to be called " The Trustees of the London
Parochial Charities " is to be established, with perpetual succession and a common seal.]

[(a) 46 & 47 Vict. c. 36.]

730