*489
[CH. XVIII . S. 3.
PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .
10. Solicitor of the cestui que trust. - It has been pronounced too dangerous to allow the cestui que trust's solicitor, without a special authority, to bind his employer by such
a contract with the trustee (f) .
11. Creditors.- Where the cestuis que trust are creditors,
it has been held that the trustee cannot purchase with the
sanction of the major part of them, but that the liberty must
be given by the unanimous voice of the whole body (g) .
However, the Court has sanctioned * purchases of a bankrupt's estate by assignees , where
the assent of a general meeting of
creditors had been obtained (a) ; and the Court would, no doubt, in executing
the trust of a creditors' deed, allow a trustee to purchase, if
it were really for the benefit of the creditors .
12.
Court will not authorise the trustee to bid.- The Court
has no jurisdiction on behalf of the cestuis que trust who are
sui juris to authorise a trustee to bid, for that is a question
the cestuis que trust are entitled to decide for themselves (b) .
So far as the Court is concerned, it will not give a trustee
leave to bid, for it is his duty to communicate all the information he can for the benefit of the sale, and this he might
not be disposed to do if he were allowed to purchase himself (c) .
But if a sale by auction under the direction of the
Court has been tried in vain, the trustee is at liberty to make
proposals on his own behalf, and the Court may be induced
to accept the offer (d) .
[13. Effect of leave to bid.- Where, in an administration
action, leave was given to the solicitor for the defendant
(the executor) to bid at the sale, which was to be conducted
by the plaintiffs' solicitors, independently of the executor, it
was held that the effect of the leave was to put an end to
the fiduciary relation in which he formerly stood, and to
(f) Downes v. Grazebrook, 3 Mer.
209, per Lord Eldon.
(g) Sir G. Colebrooke's case, cited
Exparte Hughes, 6 Ves . 622; Ex parte
Lacey, Id. 628; the cases cited Id.
630, note (b) .
Whelpdale v. Cookson
(cited Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves.
682) , was doubted by Lord Eldon, 6
Ves . 628.
(a) Anon. case, 2 Russ. 350 ; Ex
parte Bage, 4 Mad. 459.
(b) See Exparte James,8Ves . 352.
(c) Tennant v. Trenchard, 4 L. R.
Ch.App. 545.
(d) S. C. 4 L. R. Ch. App. 547.