SIXTH SCHEDULE.

ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.

*215

Butler, " were formerly entertained, it now appears to be the * settled opinion of the profession that a [*215]
devise to two and the survivor of them, and the heirs
and assigns of such survivor, enables the trustees to vest the
fee in the purchaser, and that titles under such a devise are
accepted with a conveyance from the trustees and without
the concurrence of the heir " (a) .

6. Implied devise in the word " trustee."- If a testator simply appoint a person his executor and trustee, it seems the
latter word is not so exclusively applied to real estate, as to
carry by implication to the executor a devise of the testator's
freeholds, but if the testator direct certain acts to be done
by the trustee, [or by the executor,] which belong to the
owner of the freeholds, [or which require that the trustee
or executor should have dominion over the real estate,] such
a devise will be implied (6) ; [but the implication will only
arise when it is necessary to make the words used by the
testator sensible (c).]

And so if a testator appoint a person
his " trustee of inheritance," which is equivalent to making
him the trustee of his inheritable property (d) ; or if a testator appoint " A. and B. trustees as also their heirs or assigns,
not making them accountable for any losses except by their
own neglect, and the one not to suffer for the other's negligence" (e) . And if a testator constitute a trustee by will,
and devise the legal estate to him, and then by a codicil
" nominates and appoints another person to be trustee " in
his place, the codicil not only confers the office of the trusteeship, but also carries the legal estate with it (f) .

(a) Co. Lit. 191 a, note 1 ; and see
Fearne's C. R. 358.

(b) Oates v . Cooke, 3 Burr. 1684 ;
Bush v. Allen, 5 Mod. 63 ; Anthony
v. Rees , 2 Cr. & Jer. 75; Doe v.
Shotter, 8 Ad. & Ell. 905 ;
[Davies
to Jones, 24 Ch. D. 190 ; Re Fisher
and Haslett, 13 L. R. Ir. 546.]

If a
testator
appoint his solicitor
sole
trustee of his will, with a direction
that the solicitor is to be paid as a
solicitor as if he were not a trustee,
it constitutes him a trustee only and
not an executor, according to the tenor
of the will.
Re Goods of Lowry, 3
L. R. P. & D. 157 .

[(c) Re Cameron, 26 Ch . D. 19.]

(d) Trent v. Hanning, 1 B. & P.
New Rep . 116; 10 Ves . 495; 7 East,
95; 1 Dow, 102 ; Doe v. Pratt, 6 Ad.
& Ell. 180.

(e) Bennett v. Bennett, 2 Dr. &
Sm. 266.

(f) Re Hough's Will, 4 De G. &
Sm . 371 ; Re Turner, 2 De G. F. & J.
527.

297