*344
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
19. No interest on money lost that never came to hand.- It will be observed that, in the preceding cases, trustees and executors have been decreed to pay interest in respect only of monies actually come to hand, and improperly retained ; for when a fund has never been received, but has been inexcusably left outstanding and lost, it seems the Court contents itself with holding the trustees liable for the principal, without enforcing against them the equity, that as the fund, if got in, would have become productive, the trustees ought further to be charged with interest (b) .
20.
Mistake.
Where an executor, under a mistaken impression of the law, but acting bonâ fide, retained one-third
of the residue himself, and paid two-thirds to his co-executors, he was held accountable to the person entitled for the whole, but with interest only upon the one-third retained by himself (c) .
SECTION VI .
OF THE DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND .
1.
Mistake as to rights is at the expense of the trustee.- It is incumbent upon the trustee to satisfy himself beyond
doubt, before he parts with the possession of the property, who are the parties legally and equitably entitled to it. He must therefore attend to all claims of which he has notice ; and he may compel all persons who claim to be cestuis que trust to set forth their title (d) .
2. Quasi trustees.- The necessity of seeing that the trust-money reaches the proper hand is obligatory, not only on trustees regularly invested with the character, but on all persons having notice of the equities, as if A. lend a sum to B., and B. afterwards discovers that it is trust money, he cannot (see Moyle v. Moyle, 2 R. & M. 710; Johnson v. Newton, 11 Hare, 160; Hughes v. Empson, 28 Beav. 181 ; Johnson v. Prendergast, 22 Beav. 480).
(b) Tebbs v. Carpenter, 1 Mad. 290; and see Lowson v. Copeland, 2 B. C. C. 156.
(c) Saltmarsh v. Barrett (No. 2), 31 Beav. 349; but see Attorney-General v. Köhler, 8 Jur. N. S. 467 ; 9 H. L. C. 655; Shaw v. Turbett, 14 Ir. Ch. Rep. 476.
(d) Hurst v. Hurst, 9 L. R. Ch. App. 762; and see post, 349, note (f).