CH . XXIII . S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*587

for his children out of the settlement funds (c).
But the
decisions in this respect have gone as far as can be justified
upon principle (d) .

[Where there was a power of maintenance in the usual
form in the discretion of the trustees, and the trustees without exercising any discretion in the matter paid the whole
income to the father of the infant, it was held that the
father's estate must account for the income received by
him (e) .
Past maintenance. - Where the father had borrowed money
to enable him to keep his infant children at school and was
unable to repay the debt, the Court allowed him to be recouped the amount so borrowed as an allowance for past
maintenance (f) . ]

33. After death of father. - It was formerly much doubted
whether after the death of the father maintenance should be
granted to the mother so long as she continued a widow without an inquiry as to her ability (g) .
But it was ruled that
where she had married again there should be no inquiry as
to ability, the second husband being, it was said, under no
liability to maintain his wife's children (h) .
It has been
since settled that no inquiry as to the mother's ability will
be directed even during her widowhood (i) ; and as a widow
is undoubtedly liable at law to maintain her children (j) , the * direction of the inquiry cannot be [*587]
regarded as depending upon the legal liability.
It
would seem to follow that the enactment rendering a husband
liable to maintain his wife's children by a former marriage (a)
(c) Mundy v. Lord Howe, 4 B. C.
C. 223 ; Meacher v. Young, 2 M. & K.
490; Stocken v . Stocken, 4 Sim . 152,
2 Μ. & Κ. 489, 4 M. & Cr. 95 ; White
r . Grane, 18 Beav. 571 ; Ransome v.
Burgess, 3 L. R. Eq. 773 ; Newton v .
Curzon, 16 L. T. N. S. 696 .

(d) Thompson v . Griffin, Cr. & Ph .
321 , per Lord Cottenham ; [Wilson v .
Turner, 22 Ch . D. 521 ;] and see Re
Kerrison's Trusts, 12 L. R. Eq. 422,
the case of a voluntary settlement .

[(e) Wilson v. Turner, 22 Ch . D.
521.]

[(f) Davey v . Ward, 7 Ch . D.
754.]

(g) As to the mother's right to be
recouped for past maintenance of a
child, see Re Cottrell's Estate, 12 L.
R. Eq. 566.

(h) Billingsly v. Critchet, 1 B. C.
C. 268.

(i) Douglas v. Andrews, 12 Beav.
310; and see the note, p . 311 .

(j) 43 Eliz. c . 2, s . 6 ; 4 & 5 W. 4,
c. 76, s. 56.

(a) 4 & 5 W. 4, c. 76, s. 57.
793