*534
[Сн. ХХІ.
TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES .
has been the usage of the congregation ; and, if such usage
do not contravene public policy, will be guided by it as
evidence of the intention in the administration of the trust.
And by 7 & 8 Vict. c. 45, s. 2, if the instrument of trust do
not in express terms, or by reference to some book or
other document, define the religious doctrines, twenty-five
years' usage immediately preceding any suit is made conclusive evidence thereof (g).
But if the purpose of the
settlors appear clearly upon the instrument, the Court, in
that case, though the usage of the congregation
[*534] may have
run in a different
channel, * cannot
change the nature of the original institution : it is
not competent for the majority of the congregation, cr for
the managers of the property, to say, " We have altered our
opinions : the chapel in future shall be for the benefit of
persons of the same persuasion as ourselves " (a) .
17. Appointment of new trustees.- If the deed of endow
ment neither provide for the succession of trustees nor the
election of the minister, an inquiry will be directed, who,
according to the nature of the establishment, are entitled to
propose trustees, and to elect the minister (b) ; and if the
election of the minister properly belong to the congregation,
the majority is for that purpose the congregation (c).
The
appointment of the minister cannot, in such a case, belong to
the heir of the surviving trustee, who may not be of the
same persuasion, but, it might happen, a Roman Catholic or
Jew (d) .
Notices .
For the valid election of a minister due notice
(g) See Attorney-General v. Hutton, Drur. 530.
As to Roman Catholic Charities, see 23 & 24 Vict. c.
134, s. 5.
(a) Attorney-General v. Pearson,
3 Mer. 400, per Lord Eldon ; Foley v.
Wontner, 2 J. & W. 247 , per eundem ;
Craigdallie v. Aikman, 1 Dow's P. C.
1; Milligan v. Mitchell, 3 M. & Cr.
73; Broom v. Summers, 11 Sim . 353 ;
Attorney-General v. Murdoch, 7 Hare,
445; 1 De G. M. & G. 86 ; AttorneyGeneral v . Munro, 2 De G. & Sim .
122; Attorney-General v. Corporation
of Rochester, 5 De G. M. & G. 797.
(6) Davis v. Jenkins, 3 V. & Β.
151, see 159; and see Leslie v. Birnie,
2 Russ . 114.
The 13 & 14 Vict. c. 28,
seems to confer a power of appointing new trustees, for the special purposes of that Act, where there is no
power or the power has lapsed.
(c) Davis v. Jenkins, 3 V. & B.
155; and see Leslie v. Birnie, 2 Russ.
114.
(d) Davis v . Jenkins, 3 V. & B.
155.
726