*399
[CH. XVII. S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
parents .
Looking both to the language and to the purpose
of this instrument, I see nothing which in any way imports
that the portions were not intended to vest during the lives
of the parents, and to adopt the period of the death as the
time of vesting would be to deprive the provision of that
certainty which it must, I think, fairly be taken to have been
the object of the settlement to secure.
It would render the
interests of the children contingent upon their surviving
their parents, and deprive them of the means of making any
certain provisions for their families during the whole of
their parents' lives.
This is a result against which the Court
has struggled and successfully struggled in many cases, and
I think therefore that we should not be justified in adopting
this period as the time of vesting, in the absence of
[*399] anything on the face of the * instrument indicating
that it was so intended.
Between the other two
periods it is not as I have said necessary for us to decide,
but I think it right to state that I lean to the opinion, that
in this particular case the true period of vesting was at
twenty-one, or as to the daughters on marriage.
The consequence of holding the portions to vest at the birth would
be that the shares of children dying in early infancy would
go to the parent, thus contravening the purpose of the
settlement, by giving to the father what was intended for
the children, and the Court in these cases seems to have
regarded rather the purpose than the words of the settlement.

5. General rule.-Upon the authority of these and other
cases it may be considered as established, that unless there
be something special in the instrument (b), the portions of
the younger children, whether they survive the tenant for
life or not, will not vest in sons unless they attain twentyone, or in daughters
unless they attain twenty-one or
marry (c) ; and that the shares of sons who attain twentyone and of daughters who attain twenty-one or marry, will
(a) The whole of the judgment
(c) Bruen v. Bruen, 2 Vern. 439 ;
well deserves a perusal.
S. C. Pr. Ch. 195 ; Edgeworth v. Edge(b) See Earl Rivers v. Earl Derby,
worth, Beat. 328 ; Warr v. Warr, Pr.
2 Vern. 72 .
Ch. 213 ; Hinchinbroke v. Seymour, 1
544