**SIXTEENTH SECTION XIII.**

*252

**DELEGATION OF THE TRUST.**

1. **Trustee cannot delegate the office. - " Trustees," said Lord Langdale, " who take on themselves the management of property for the benefit of others, have no right to shift their duty on other persons ; and if they do so they remain subject to responsibility towards their cestuis que trust for whom they have undertaken the duty."**

If a trustee, therefore, confide the application of the trust fund to the care of another, whether a stranger (c), or his own attorney or solicitor (d), or even co-trustee or co-executor (e), he will

(b) **Turner v. Corney, 5 Beav. 517.**

(c) **Adams v. Clifton, 1 Russ . 297 ; Hardwick v. Mynd, 1 Anst. 109 ; Venables v. Foyle, 1 Ch. Ca. 2 ; case cited by Sir J.
Jekyll, Walker v.
Symonds, 3 Sw. 79, note (a) ; Char.
Corp. v. Sutton,2 Atk. 405 ; Kilbee v.
Sneyd, 2 Moll. 199, per Sir A. Hart ;
Douglass v. Browne, Mont. 93 ; Ex
parte Booth, id. 248 ; Turner v. Corney, 5Beav. 515.**

(d) **Chambers v. Minchin, 7 Ves .
196, per Lord Eldon ; Ex parte Townsend, 1 Moll . 139; Griffiths v. Porter,
25 Beav. 236; Ghost v. Waller, 9
Beav . 497 ; Bostock v. Floyer, 1 L. R.
Eq. 26 ; S. C. 35 Beav. 603; Wood v.
Weightman, 13 L. R. Eq. 434; Ingle
v. Partridge, 32 Beav. 661, 34 Beav.
411; [Baylis v. Dick, W. N. 1878, p.
81;] Dewar v. Brooke, 52 L. T. N. S.
489; but see In re Bird, 16 L. R. Eq.
203.**

(e) **Langford v. Gascoyne, 11 Ves .
333; Harrison v. Graham, 3 Hill's M.S.S . 239, cited 1 P. W. 241, note (y),
6th ed.; Davis v. Spurling, 1 R. & M.
66, per Sir J. Leach; Kilbee v. Sneyd,
2 Moll . 200, 212, per Sir A. Hart ;
Lane v. Wroth, and Stanley v . Darington, cited in Anonymous case,Mos .
36; Marriott v. Kinnersley, Taml. 470 ;
Ex parte Winnall, 3 D. & Ch . 22 ;
Anon. Mos. 35; Clough v. Bond, 3 M.
& Cr. 497, per Lord Cottenham ; Dines
v. Scott, T. & R. 361, per Lord Eldon ;
Trutch v. Lamprell, 20 Beav. 116 ;
Thompson v. Finch, 22 Beav. 316 ;
6De G. M. & G. 560; Cowel v. Gatcombe, 27 Beav. 568; Eaves v. Hickson, 30 Beav. 136; [Rodbard v. Cooke,
25 W. R. 555.]**

kins, 40 Ill. 442; as in case of a transfer to a stranger ; Bales v. Perry, 51
Mo. 449 ; Niles v. Stevens, 4 Denio, 399 ; Berger v . Duff, 4 Johns . Ch . 368 ;
but this is not so until the trust has been accepted by the trustee, nor if in so
doing the settlor's expressed directions are followed. A trustee may employ
an agent where he would naturally do so in the regular course of business if
no trust existed; Hawley v. James, 5 Paige, 487 ; Lewis v. Reed, 11 Ind. 239 ;
Blight v. Schenck, 10 Barr. 285 ; Thomas v. Scruggs, 10 Yerg. 401 ; State v.
Guilford, 15 Ohio, 593 ; Barings v . Willing, 4 Wash. C. C. 251.

One trustee
may act for all; Leggett v. Hunter, 19 N. Y. 445 ; Bowes v. Seeger, 8 Watts
& S. 222; Abbott v. Rubber Co. 33 Barb. 579; the accounts willbe equitably
adjusted, and this is true as regards amount of liability in case of delegation
of authority; Poole v. Munday, 103 Mass. 174; Upson v. Badeau, 3 Bradf. 13.

The same is true of a discretionary trust, and the discretion extends only to
the original trustee ; Pearson v. Jamison, 1 McLean, 197 ; Doe v. Robinson, 24
Miss . 688; Singleton v. Scott, 11 Ia. 589.

It is not necessarily a delegation
of power to appoint or give instructions to agents or attorneys ; Bales v.
Perry, 51 Mo. 449; Mason v . Wait, 4 Scam. 132. A sale or devise of a discretionary trust is not a delegation; Saunders v. Webber, 39 Cal. 287 .