TABULAR ANALYSIS .
XV
Estateas between
cestui que trust
andtrustee,
p.674.

PART
III.
The Cestui que Trust.
Estate as affected by
Subsidiary rights
dealings of cestui
que trust, orby
operation of law,
p.692.

Inthesimple
trust, p. 674.
Inthe special
trust, p. 689 .
Jushabendi,
p.674.
Jusdisponendi,
p.684.
of cestui que
trust,p. 833.
Maxims of equity in
supportofthe cestui
que trust's estate
against the acts of
the trustee, p. 938.

What ought to be
done shall be con-
sidered as done,
p.939.

Act of trustee shall
not alter nature of
cestui que trust's
estate, p. 963.

Conversion,
Election,
p.939.
p.953.

Who may elect,
p.953.

How election may
bemanifested, p.
961.

Relief against
failure of the
trustee, p. 833.

1. Assignment, p. 692.
2. Testamentary disposition,p.720.
3. Seisin and dis-seisin, p. 723.
4. Merger, p. 726.
5. Dower and curtesy, p. 733.
6. Feme covert, p. 739 .
7. Judgments, p. 794.
8. Extents, p. 817.
9. Forfeiture, p. 818.
10. Escheat, p. 822.
11. Descent, p. 823.
12. Assets, p. 825.

Appointment of proper
trustees, p. 846.
Offollowing the specific
trust estate, p. 857.
Intowhosehands,
p.857.
Compulsion of trustees
to duty, p. 853.
Ofattaching property into
which the trust estate has
wrongfully been con-
verted, p. 892.
Within what limits
oftime, p. 863.
Rights in preven-
tion of abreach
oftrust, p. 846.
Remedies in event
of abreach of
trust, p. 857.
Injunction against breach
ofduty, p. 855.
Remedy against the
trustee personally,
p. 898.
What account of
mesne rents and
profits, p. 885 .
Remedies on breaches
of trustby trustees for
charities, p. 927.
Ofthe mode
of redress,
p.927.
Of the extent
of redress,
p.934.

PART IV.
Practice in reference to the Law of Trusts .
Distringas,
p.970.
Production ofdocu-
Compulsorypayment
ments, p. 975.
into Court, p. 976.
Receivership,
p. 982.
Costs of suit,
p.985.