*120

[CH. VIII. S. 1 .
EXECUTORY TRUSTS
proper limitations to trustees were inserted to preserve contingent remainders (a).
But where a testator devised an
estate to C. for life, and on her death to be " strictly entailed
on her eldest son J." the Court directed a settlement on C.
for life, with remainder to J. for life, with remainder to his
first and other sons successively in tail general, with remainder to his daughters as tenants in common in tail general, &c . (b) .
16.
" Heirs of the body " and " issue " not of the same import.
-We may here remark that " heirs of the body " and " issue "
are far from being synonymous expressions. The former are
properly words of limitation, whereas the latter term is in its
primary sense a word of purchase.
In several cases the
Court appears to have ordered a strict settlement from the
use of the term " issue,” where, had the expression been
"heirs of the body," the estate would probably have been
construed an estate tail (c) .
17.
Daughters included in " heirs of the body " and " issue."
- Of course, daughters as well as sons will be included under
" heirs of the body " (d), or " issue " (e); for they equally
answer the description, and are equally objects of bounty;
and where these words are construed as words of purchase
the settlement will be made upon the daughters in default of
sons, as tenants in common in tail, with cross remainders between or amongst them (f).
18. Waste.-In executing a strict settlement the Court,
unless there be some special words which point to the contrary, will not make the tenant for life dispunishable for
Sim . 386 ; Coape v. Arnold, 2 Sm. &
Gif. 311; 4 De G. M. & G. 574.
(a) Trevor v. Trevor, 13 Sim. 108 ;
affirmed on this point, 1 H. of L. Ca.
239; and see Coape v. Arnold, 2 Sm .
& Gif. 311; 4 De G. M. & G. 574.
(b) Sealey v. Stawell, 9 I. R. Eq.
499.
(c) Ashton v. Ashton, cited inBagshaw v. Spencer, 1 Coll. Jur. 402;
Meure v. Meure, 2 Atk. 265 ; and see
Horne v. Barton, G. Coop. 257 ; Dodson v. Hay, 3 В. С. С. 405 ; Stonor v.
Curwen, 5 Sim. 264 ; Crozier v. Crozier, 2 Conn . & Laws. 311 ; Rochford
v. Fitzmaurice, 1 Conn. & Laws . 158 ;
Bastard v. Proby, 2 Cox, 6 ; Haddelsey v. Adams, 22 Beav. 276.
(d) Bastard v. Proby, 2 Cox, 6.
(e) Meure v. Meure, 2 Atk. 265 ;
Ashton v. Ashton, cited in Bagshaw
v. Spencer, 1 Coll. Jur. 402 ; Trevor
v. Trevor, 13 Sim. 108 .
(f) Meure v. Meure, Ashton v.
Ashton, Bastard v. Proby, and Trevor v. Trevor, ubi suprà ; Marryat v.
Townley, 1 Ves. sen. 105.
164