CH. VIII. S. 1.

*129
for life; but it was held by Lord Eldon, that the insertion of
the power in that mode was not in conformity with the instructions (e) .
It was afterwards debated, before Sir T.
Plumer, whether a power of sale and exchange could, in any
form, be admitted, when his Honour said, that " The
first point to be * considered was, inwhom the pow- [*129]
ers were to be vested; and it was clear that they
were to be given to the tenants for life, if qualified, but if
they should not be able to act, to the trustees.-Now, if the
power of sale and exchange was to be given to the tenant
for life without check or control, he could not say that it was
a proper power ; on the contrary, it might be very dangerous, as the tenant for life might for many reasons be induced
to sell, when it might not be for the benefit of the remaindermen ; nor was it usual to give him this power without the
check of requiring the assent of the trustees. Take it the other
way : if the tenant for life was disqualified, as by infancy, could
the Court say it was a proper power to be given exclusively to
the trustees ? " And therefore his Honour thought the power
of sale and exchange could not be introduced (a) .
[27. Settled Land Act.-Now by the Settled Land Act,
1882 (b), the tenant for life (c), under the settlement is empowered to sell, exchange, enfranchise and concur in partitioning the settled land, and to grant building, mining and
other leases ; and by the Conveyancing and Law of Property
Act, 1881 (d), the trustees of settlements made after the 31st
Dec. 1881, are empowered (subject to any contrary intention
expressed in the settlement), during the minority of any
person beneficially entitled to the possession of the settled
land, to manage the property and apply any income for the
maintenance, education or benefit of the infant; and consequently powers for these purposes are not now usually inserted in settlements, and it is conceived that the Court
625.(e) Brewster v. Angell, 1 J. & W.
(a) Horne v. Barton, Jac. 437 .
[(b) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 38, ss. 3, 4, 6,
et seq.]
[(c) The tenant for life under the
Act is the person beneficially entitled
to possession, which includes receipt
of the rents and profits ; and by s. 58
the powers of a tenant for life are
exercisable by various other limited
owners therein enumerated. ]
[(d) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 42.]