*414
[CH. XVII . S. 3.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
2. Codrington v. Foley.- In Codrington v. Foley (a) a testator devised an estate to trustees for ninety-nine years from the testator's decease, remainder to Lord Foley for life, remainder to other trustees for 1,000 years, to commence from the death of Lord Foley, for raising 30,000l. for portions of younger children, remainder to the first and other sons of Lord Foley in tail.
The trusts of the term of ninety-nine
years were for applying the rents with the proceeds of the timber in discharge of certain incumbrances.
Lord Foley died in 1793, leaving an only son, and a daughter who became Mrs. Codrington.
Mr. and Mrs. Codrington filed their bill to have the 30,000l. raised, and it was objected that the trusts of the term of ninety-nine years were still in operation and unsatisfied, and that the 1,000 years term was consequently reversionary both at law and in equity, and
while so reversionary it could not be sold or mortgaged, to the great injury of the tenant in tail.
Lord Eldon came to the conclusion that the 30,000l. must be raised, though the term for raising it was reversionary, and after reviewing the opinions of Lord Cowper, Lord Macclesfield, Lord Hardwicke, Lord Talbot, Lord Thurlow, and Lord Alvanley upon the subject (b) , he proceeded, " Upon this general state of the doctrine of the Court, it appears to me that the proper rule is what Lord Talbot states- that the raising or not raising must depend upon the particular penning of the trust, and the intention of the instrument.
I do not think the Court
ought to be eager to lay hold of circumstances.
The Court
ought to hold an equal mind whilst construing the instrument, and I cannot agree with what is stated in Stanley v .
Stanley (c) that very small grounds are sufficient.
If they
are sufficient to denote the intention, they are not small
grounds.
If they are not sufficient to denote the intention,
the Court does not act according to its duty by treating
them as sufficient, thereby disappointing the true
[*414] * intention of the instrument.
The rule upon the
whole depends upon this, whether it was the intention, attending to the whole of it, that the portion should or
(c) 1Atk. 549.
(a) 6 Ves. 364.
(b) The whole judgment well deserves a perusal .
562