FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
all his property substantially to trustees upon trust to convert into money and hold the proceeds upon trust for the
settlor, or his appointees, was not an act of bankruptcy (h) .

8. What concomitant circumstances would not vary the rule.
-A fraudulent deed was an act of bankruptcy, notwithstanding a proviso declaring it void if the trustees thought fit (i),
or if all the creditors should not execute (the acts of the trustees to be good in the meantime) (j) ; or if all the creditors
to a certain amount should not execute by such a time, or a
commission of bankruptcy should issue (k) .
So it was an act
of bankruptcy, though the trustees at the time of the execution of the deed did not intend to act upon it (for the fraud
was to be referred to the animus of the trader) (l) ; and
though the trustees induced the debtor to execute it, with
the object of making it an act of bankruptcy (m) ; and
though the debtor himself meant it to be taken as an act
of bankruptcy (n) .

9. No act of bankruptcy, if deed could not be enforced.
But if A., B. , and C. agreed to execute an assignment as a
joint transaction, and A. executed, but B. and C. refused,
then, as the assignment of A. was made on the footing and
faith of B. and C.'s concurrence, and therefore could not be
enforced against A. individually and solely, it was no act of
bankruptcy (o) .

10. Assignment executed abroad.-An assignment
executed abroad was at one time held to be * no act [*513]
of bankruptcy in England (p) ; but in this respect
the law has been altered by statute (q) .
11. Creditors concurring or acquiescing could not treat it as
an act of bankruptcy.
If any creditors either concurred in

(h) Greenwood v. Churchill, 1 M.
& K. 546; and see Berney v. Davison,
1 Brod. and B. 408 ; 4 Moore, 126.

(i) Tappenden v. Burgess, 4 East,
(j) Back v. Gooch, 4 Camp. 232 ;
S. C. Holt , 13 .
295.

(k) Dutton v. Morrison, 17 Ves.
(l) Simpson v . Sikes, 6 M. & S.
(m) Dutton v. Morrison, 17 Ves .
(n) 695

(o) Dutton v. Morrison, 17 Ves .
193, see 202; and see Bowker v. Burdekin, 11 M. & W. 128 .

(p) Norden v. James, 2 Dick. 533;
Ingliss v . Grant, 5 T. R. 530.

(q) 6 G. 4. c. 16, s. 3, repealed and
re-enacted by 12 & 13 Vict. c. 106, s .
193 .

(p) 695