*5
INTRODUCTION.
the object for which the trust was created. In case the trus
tee neglected his duty, the cestui que trust was entitled to file
a bill in Chancery, and compel him to proceed in the execu-
tion of his office (a) .
Trusts applicable to chattels.-Both the simple trust and
the special trust were applicable to chattels real and personal,
as well as to freeholds ; but trusts of chattels were for ob-
vious reasons much less frequently employed.
The amount
of the property was small ; the owner, even without the
interposition of a trustee, had the fullest control and domin-
ion over it ; and a chattel interest, as it followed the person,
was equally subject to forfeiture whether in the custody of a
trustee, or in the hands of the beneficial proprietor (b) .
But to the extent, whatever it was, to which trusts of chat-
tels were adopted, they were administered upon the same
principles, mutatis mutandis , as were trusts of freeholds ; the
right to sue a subpæna turned equally on privity (c), and
the interest of the cestui que trust was held not to be
assignable (d) .
Statutes affecting trusts.
Such was the nature of trusts as
they stood at common law; but the manifold frauds and mis-
chiefs to which the new system gave occasion, particularly
" the great unsurety and trouble arising thereby to pur-
chasers," called loudly from time to time for the enactment
of remedial statutes.
One of the most important of these
was 1 Ric . 3, c. 1, the substance of which may be well ex-
pressed in the terms of the preamble, viz., that " all acts
made by or against a cestui que use, should be good as against
him, his heirs, and feoffees in trust," in other words, that all
dealings of the cestui que use with the trust property
should have precisely * the same legal operation, as if
the cestui que use had himself possessed the legal
ownership.
To what interests the legislature intended this
statute to apply has not on all hands been agreed. A feoff-
ment in fee to uses was clearly the case primarily intended.
Upon a feoffment in tail, it seems no use could have been
[*5]
(a) See the case in the reign of
Hen. 7. Append. to Sugden onPowers,
No. 1.
(b) 5 H. 5. 3, 6.
(c) Witham's case, 4 Inst. 87 .
(d) Jenk. 244, с. 30.
4