INTRODUCTION .
*6.
declared, for a tenant in tail was incapacitated by the statute
de donis from executing estates (a).
With respect to a
feoffment for life to uses, there appears to be no reason upon
principle (except so far as the language of the act may be
thought to furnish any inference), and certainly there is no
objection on the score of authority, why the cestui que use
might not have passed the legal estate by virtue of the
statutory power.
It has been contended by Mr. Sanders,
that on a feoffment for life no use grafted on the life estate
could have been declared, on the ground that as the tenant
for life held of the reversioner, the consideration of tenure
would have conferred a title to the beneficial interest on the
tenant for life himself (b).
But this reasoning can have no
application where the estate for life was not created, but was
merely transferred, for then the assignment of the life estate
was not distinguishable in this respect from a conveyance of
the fee ; in each case there was no consideration of tenure as
between the grantor and grantee, but in each case the ser-
vices incident to tenure were due from the grantee to a
third person (1).
It is clear that the statute embraced uses
of lands only, and did not extend either to special
trusts , or to trusts of * chattels : not to special trusts,
[*6]
because the trustee combined in himself both the legal
estate and the use, though compellable in Chancery to direct
them to a particular purpose ; and not to trusts of chattels,
because the preamble and the statute were addressed to
cestui que use and his heirs, and to feoffees in trust.
(a) Co. Lit. 19, b.
(b) Sand. on Uses, c. 1, s. 6, div. 2.
(1) Inwhat case a use might have been declared upon an estate
for life.-The state of the law upon this subject appears to have been as fol-
lows:-(1) . On the creation of an estate for life, had no use been mentioned
on the face of the instrument, the tenant for life had held for his own benefit
incompensation for his services : Perk. s. 535 ; B. N. C. 60 ; Br. Feff. al. Uses,
10; and no use could have been averred in contradiction to the use implied.
See Gilb . on Uses, 57.
(2). Had a use been expressly declared by the deed,
the tenant had been bound by the terms on which he accepted the estate :
Perk. s. 537 ; Br. Feff. al. Uses, 10, 40; (3) , unless a rent had been reserved,
or consideration paid, inwhich case a court of equity would not have enforced
the use against the purchaser for valuable consideration : B. N. C. 60 ; Br.
Feff. al. Uses, 40.
(4) . On the assignment of a life estate a use might have
been declared, as on a conveyance in fee.