CH. XX. S. 1.]
FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
*511
which satisfaction is to be made to his creditors.
But the
feoffment, judgment, &c., must be devised of malice, fraud,
or the like, to bring it within the statute : the Act was meant
to prevent deeds, &c ., fraudulent in their concoction, and not
merely such as in their effect might delay or hinder other
creditors " (h).
5. Fraudulent conveyance.- If the settlor was a
trader, then by 12 & 13 Vict. c. 106, s. 67 * (being a [*511]
re-enactment of the previous statutes), it was declared that " any fraudulent conveyance, with intent to defeat
or delay creditors, should be deemed an act of bankruptcy; "
and it was adjudged fraudulent within the meaning of this
clause, if a person assigned the whole of his property (a)
(whether expressed to be the whole or not in the deed (b)) ,
or all but a colourable part (c), or all the stock, without
which he could not carry on his trade (d) .
6. Grounds of the rule.- It was immaterial whether the
trust was for any particular creditor (e) , or a certain number
(h) Meux v. Howell, 4 East, 13,
14; [and see Spencer v. Slater, 4 Q.
B. D. 13.]
(a) Nunn v. Wilsmore, 8 T. R. 528,
per Lord Kenyon ; Alderson v . Temple, 4Burr. 2240, per Lord Mansfield ;
Hooper v. Smith, 1 W. Bl. 441, per
eundem ; Wilson v. Day, 2 Burr. 827 ;
Rust v . Cooper, Cowp. 632, per Lord
Mansfield ; Leake v. Young, 5 Ell .
& Bl . 955 ; Bowker v. Burdekin, 12 M.
& W. 128 ; Johnson v. Fesenmeyer,
25 Beav. 88; Smith v . Cannan, 2 Ell .
& Bl. 35.
But see the recent case of
Ex parte Gass, 2 I. R. Eq. 284, in
which it was held (though the decision
rested on other grounds) , that the
question of fraud is one of fact, and
therefore if under the peculiar circumstances the Court is satisfied that
the conveyance ofthe bankrupt's whole
property was bonâ fide, and with a
view to pay his creditors rather than
to defeat them the deed will be supported.
(b) See Dutton
v. Morrison, 17
Ves . 193; Lindon v. Sharp, 6 Man. &
Gr. 905.
But the assignment of all
his property at a certain place is not
an act of bankruptcy, unless it be
proved that he had no other property ;
Chase v. Goble, 2 Man. & G. 930.
(c) Law v . Skinner, 2 W. Bl. 996 ;
Hooper v. Smith, 1 W. Bl. 442, per
Lord Mansfield ; Wilson v. Day, 2
Burr. 832, per eundem ;
Alderson v.
Temple, 4 Burr. 2240, per eundem ;
Estwick v. Caillaud, 5 T. R. 424, per
Lord Kenyon ; Gayner's case, cited 1
Burr. 477 ; Compton v. Bedford, 1 W.
Bl . 368 ; Johnson v. Fesenmeyer, 25
Beav . 88 ; Ex parte Foxley, 3 L. R.
Ch. App. 515.
(d) Hooper v. Smith, 1 W. Bl. 442 ;
Law v . Skinner, 2 W. Bl. 996; Siebert
v. Spooner, 1 M. & W. 714 ; Porter v .
Walker, 1 Man. & Gr. 686 ; Ex parte
Bailey, 3 De G. M. & G. 534 ; Ex
parte Taylor, 5 De G. M. & G. 392 ;
Lacon v. Liffen, 4 Giff. 75; and see
Ex parte Hawker, 7 L. R. Ch . App .
214.
(e) Wilson v. Day, 2 Burr. 827 ;
Hassell v. Simpson, 1 B. C. C. 99 ; S.
693