*216
ESTATE TAKEN BY THE TRUSTEE.

[CH. XII . S. 1 .

If a testator by will devises to several persons upon trust,
and nominates them his trustees and executors, and then by
codicil revokes the appointment of one of them as executor,
and substitutes another person as executor in his place, such
revocation and new appointment extends only to the executorship, and does not by implication affect the trusteeship (g) .

Legal estate curtailed from the nature of the trust.- Secondly,
we proceed to illustrate the rule, that the legal estate limited
to the trustee shall not be greater than is required by
[*216]
the trust.

* 1.
If a freehold estate be devised to A. and his
heirs upon trust to permit B. to receive the rents during his life, and on his death to convey to C. in fee ; here, as
during the life of B. the trustees are to be merely passive,
but after his death are to do an act, the legal estate for the
life of B. is vested in B., and the remainder only in the trustee (a) .
On the other hand, if an estate be devised to A.
and his heirs in trust, to pay the rents to B. for his life, and
on his death, the testator devises the estate to C. in fee, here
the legal estate for the life of B. is in the trustee, and the
legal estate of the remainder is vested in C. (b).

So where
a copyhold was devised to A. and his heirs, upon trust for the
separate use of B. a feme covert during her life, and after her
decease the testatrix devised the same to such use as B.
should appoint, and in default of appointment to the right
heirs of B., it was thought by Judge Heath that the trustee
took a base fee determinable by an executory devise over on
the death of the feme covert, and by Judge Chambre that the
(g) Worley v. Worley, 18 Beav.
58; Graham v. Graham, 16 Beav .
550;
Cartwright
v.
Shepheard,
17
Beav. 301 ; Barrett v. Wilkins, 5 Jur.
N. S. 687 .

(a) Doe v . Bolton, 11 Ad. & Ell .
188; Adams v. Adams, 6 Q. B. 860.

(b) Adams v. Adams, 6 Q. B. 860 ;
Cooke v . Blake, 1 Exch. 220 ; Jones v.
Lord Say & Sele, 8 Vin. Ab . 262 ;
Doe v . Simpson, 5 East, 171, per Lord
Ellenborough ; Robinson v. Grey, 9
East, 1 ; Doe v . Ironmonger, 3 East,
533; Warter v. Hutchison, 5 Moore,
143; S. C. 1 B. & C. 721 ; and see
Nash v. Coates, 3 B. & Ad. 839; Ward
v. Burbury, 18 Beav. 190 ; Doe v.
Cafe, 7 Exch. 675.

Note, Harton v.
Harton, 7 T. R. 652, can scarcely be
reconciled with principle, and seems
to have been disapproved by Lord
Eldon in Hawkins v . Luscome, 2 Sw.
391; but Sir J. Wigram
considered
himselfbound by it in Brown v. Whiteway, 8 Hare, 145, and the Court of
Q. B. recognised
its
authority,
at
least to a partial extent, in Toller v .
Attwood, 15 Q. B. 951.