*597
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[CH . XXIII . S. 1 .
fee simple is, without prejudice to any conveyance for value
previously made, to be conveyed and settled, and devolve in
the same manner as the freeholds (c) .
57. Compensation for agricultural improvements.-By the
Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1883 (d), a tenant
who has made on his holding certain improvements specified
in the schedule to the Act is entitled on quitting his holding
at the determination of his tenancy to compensation from
the landlord for such improvements to be ascertained as
provided by the Act.
But by sect. 31, where the landlord
is a trustee, the amount of compensation is not to be recoverable from him personally, but is to be charged on and recoverable against the holding only. And by sect. 42, subject to certain provisions as to Crown, duchy, ecclesiastical,
and charity lands, a landlord, whatever may be his estate or
interest in his holding, may give any consent, make any
agreement, or do or have done to him any act in relation to
improvements, in respect of which compensation is
[*597] payable under the Act, as if he were, in the * case of
an estate of inheritance owner thereof in fee, and in
the case of a leasehold possessed of the whole estate in the
leasehold.]
58. Powers of majority of trustees.- The general powers
allowed to trustees must in a private trust be exercised by
all the trustees as a joint body, but in charitable or public
trusts the voice of the majority will bind the rest, and in
certain cases the majority can give effect to their resolution
by passing the legal estate under a statutory power (a) .
59. Case of suit instituted and a decree made.-The powers
assigned in the preceding pages to trustees must be taken
subject to the qualification, that, if a suit has been instituted
for the execution of the trust, and a decree made, the powers
of the trustees are thenceforth so far paralysed that the
authority of the Court must sanction every subsequent proceeding (b) .
Thus the trustees cannot commence or defend
[(c) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 65 ;
and see 45 and 46 Vict. c. 39, s. 11.]
[ (d) 46 & 47 Vict. c . 61.]
(a) See supra, pp . 540, 547.
(b) Mitchelson v. Piper, 8 Sim . 64 ;
Shewen v. Vanderhorst, 2 R. & M.
75;
S. C. affirmed, 1 R. & M. 347;
Minors v . Batteson, 1 App. Cas. 428.
806