CH. VIII. S. 2.

*137

IMPLIED TRUSTS .

to be tenant for life, but the Court held that she was merely
a trustee (a) .
10. Where the words raise a partial trust, the surplus does
not result.
-Where the words are construed in equity to
raise a partial trust, the devisee or legatee is treated as beneficial owner, subject to the charge, and the surplus will not
result to the heir or next of kin, but will belong to the devisee or legatee (b) .
;
11. Implied trusts now rather discouraged.
-The current
of decisions has of late years set against the doctrine of converting the devisee or legatee into a trustee ; [and the Court
now refuses to extend the doctrine, and will not imply a
trust, unless it appears from the will that such was the intention of the testator (c) .]
12.
Directions as to
maintenance.
- Under
the head of
trusts which we are now considering, may be classed the
cases where property is given to a parent or other person
standing or regarded loco parentis, with a direction touching
the maintenance of the children.
The first question is, Did
the settlor intend to impose a trust, or do the words express
only the motive of the gift?
Instances where no trust is
created are, where the bequest is to a person "to enable him
to maintain the children" (d), or an absolute bequest is
made, and afterwards the motive is assigned, as "that he
may support himself and his children" (e), or "for the maintenance of himself and his family" (f), [or "towards the support and maintenance of her two children until they shall
(a) Barnes v. Grant, 26 L. J. N. S.
Ch. 92; S. C. 2 Jur. N. S. 1127 ; and
see Greene v. Greene, 3 I. R. Eq. 98,
629; Corbet v. Corbet, 7 I. R. Eq.
456.
(b) Wood v. Cox, 1 Keen, 317 ; 2
M. & C. 684; Irvine v. Sullivan, 8 L.
R. Eq. 673.
(c) Sale v. Moore,1 Sim. 540; and
see Meredith v. Heneage, id. 566 ;
Lawless v. Shaw, Ll . & G. t. Sugden,
164; Knight v. Knight, 3 Beav. 148;
Williams v . Williams, 1 Sim. N. S.
358 ; Lefroy v. Flood, 4 Ir. Chanc.
Rep. 9; Lambe v. Eames, 10 L. R. Eq.
267 ; 6 L. R. Ch. App. 597 ; [Stead v.
Mellor, 5 Ch . D. 225 ; Re Adams and
the Kensington Vestry, 24 Ch. D.
199 ; 27 Ch . D. 394 ; Mussoorie Bank
v. Raynor, 7 App. Cas . 321, 330.]
(d) Benson v. Whittam, 5 Sim. 22 ;
but see Leach v. Leach, 13 Sim . 304;
and see Ryan v. Keogh, 4 I. R. Eq.
357 .
(e) Thorp v. Owen, 2 Hare, 607 ;
see611.
(f) Re Robertson's Trust, 6 W.
R. 405; Bond v. Dickinson, 33 L. T.
N. S. 221.