CH . XVII . S. 1.

portions shall then vest whether the children do or do not
survive their parents.

It is thought to be an unnatural
supposition that the circumstance of such children or grandchildren predeceasing their parents, should have been contemplated as depriving them of the whole of the portion
intended for their benefit.
What the Court has said is this,
that you do not require a necessary implication to arrive at
the conclusion, that all children, who being sons attain
twenty-one, or being daughters attain that age or marry,
were intended to take, irrespectively of the question whether
they survive their parents or not, and that if you find upon
the face of the settlement a clause which renders it doubtful
whether it was intended that all such children should take,
or that those only should take who might survive their
parents, the Court leans strongly in favour of the previous
supposition, namely, that the probable intention of a person
making a settlement would be in favour of the vesting at
such fixed period, independently of the question of survivorship.
On the other hand the rule is not one of arbitrary
construction ; the Court does not go out of its way by a
forced construction to raise this implication ; it must find an
implication upon the natural and plain construction of the
words in the settlement."

And the Vice-Chancellor, applying these principles to the case before him, came to the conclusion that the two children who predeceased George their
father were entitled to shares.

The general principles laid
down in the two foregoing examples have been approved
and acted upon in numerous other cases (a) ; [and the rule
applies as well to portions created by will as to those created
by deed (b) . ]

* 2. Presumption overcome by the language. -But [*397]
strong as the presumption is in favour of portions
vesting in children at an age when they require it, yet if the
(a) Emperor v. Rolfe, 1 Ves. sen.
208; Powis v. Burdett, 9 Ves . 428 ;
Remnant v . Hood, 27 Beav. 74; Perfect v. Curzon, 5 Mad. 442 ; Torres
v . Franco, 1 R. & M. 649 ; Woodcock
v. Dorset, 3 В. С. С. 569 ; Hope v.
Lord Clifden, 6 Ves. 499 ; Bythesea
v. Bythesea, 23 L. J. N. S. Ch . 1004 ;
In re Goddard's Trusts, 5 I. R. Eq.
14; [Wakefield v . Richardson, 13 L.
R. Ir. 17.]
[(b) Jackson v. Dover, 2 H. & M.
209; Re Knowles, 21 Ch. D. 806.]