*241
[CH. XII. S. 2.
BANKRUPTCY OF TRUSTEES .
give a lien to the principal upon the tortious acquisition ;
but the Court said, it was impossible that an abuse of trust
could confer any right on the person abusing it, or those
claiming in privity with him (d) .
[9. Stockbroker selling.- So, if a trustee employ a stockbroker to sell out consols and invest the proceeds on behalf
of the trust estate, the money arising from the sale is trust
money, and may be followed into the hands of the trustee in
bankruptcy of the broker (e) .
Where money was borrowed for the purpose of purchasing
a specific property which was to be mortgaged to secure the
loan ; and the borrower in lieu of applying the money for
the specific purpose paid it into a bank and drew upon it,
and the borrower subsequently became bankrupt, it was held
that the lender could follow and claim so much of the money
as remained in the bank unapplied.¹ ]
10. In whose name actions must be brought to recover the
trust estate from the creditors' trustee. -Where the legal
property does not pass, any action against the creditors'
trustee must be brought by the bankrupt himself, for he is
the person possessed of the legal right (f) ; but, in the case
of a factor, an action may also be brought by the principal,
for the absolute property remains with the employer, and a
special property only vests in the agent (g).
But, if bills
be remitted to a factor, and made payable to him or his
order, it has been doubted whether the property does not so
vest in the factor, that no action of trover can be maintained
by the principal (h) .
11. Where the trust estate has become amalgamated with
the trustee's other property, the cestui que trust must prove
for the amount.-If the property possessed by the bankrupt
(d) Taylor v. Plumer, 3 M. & S.
574, per Lord Ellenborough; [Harris
v . Truman, 7 Q. B. D. 340 ; 9 Q. B. D.
264.]
[(e) Ex parte Cooke, 4 Ch . D.
(f) Winch v. Keeley, 1 T. R. 619 ;
Carpenter v. Marnell, 3 B. & P. 40.
(g) L'Apostre v. Le
Plaistrier,
cited Copeman v. Gallant, 1 P. W.
318; Delauney v. Barker, 2 Stark.
539; Boddy v. Esdaile, 1 Car. 62.
(h) Ex parte Dumas, 2 Ves. 583.
123.]
1 Gibert v. Gonard, 54 L. J. N. S. Ch. 439.
332