C:1 . XXIII . S. 2.

SPECIAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .

*600

Cotton, L. J., that the power was well exercised, and the
M. R. observed " If it is clearly settled that the first class of
powers-powers simply collateral-can be exercised by an
infant, there can be no reason why the second class of powers
-powers in gross
-should not be so exercised when the
exercise cannot affect the infant's interest ; I can see
no sufficient distinction between * the two cases .
It [*600]
can make no difference that the infant has some interest under the settlement, so long as that interest cannot
be affected by the exercise of the power" (a) .

4. Bare powers, and powers coupled with a trust. -Again ,
powers, in the sense in which the term is commonly used,
may be distributed into mere powers, and powers coupled with
a trust (b) .
The former are powers in the proper sense of
the word ; that is, not imperative, but purely arbitrary ;
powers which the trustee cannot be compelled to execute,
and which, on failure of the trustee, cannot be executed
vicariously by the Court(c).
The latter, on the other hand,
are not arbitrary, but imperative, have all the nature and
substance of a trust, and ought rather, as Lord Hardwicke
observed, to be designated by the name of trusts (d) .
" It
is perfectly clear," said Lord Eldon, " that where there is a
mere power, and that power is not executed, the Court cannot execute it.
It is equally clear, that wherever a trust is
created, and the execution of the trust fails by the death of
the trustee or by accident, this Court will execute the trust.
But there are not only a mere trust and a mere power, but
there is also known to this Court a power which the party by
whom it is given is intrusted and required to execute ; and
with regard to that species of power, the Court considers it
as partaking so much of the nature and qualities of a trust,
that if the person who has the duty imposed upon him does
not discharge it, the Court will, to a certain extent, discharge
the duty in his room and place " (e) .

[(a) Re D'Angibau, 15 Ch. D.
228; and see ante, pp . 37, 38.]

(b) See Gower v. Mainwaring, 2
Ves . 89; Cole v. Wade, 16 Ves . 43;
Hutchinson v. Hutchinson, 13 Ir. Eq.
Rep. 332.

(c) See Cowper v.
Mantell, 22
Beav. 231, and cases there cited ; and
Re Eddowes, 1 Dr. & Sm . 395.

(d)
Godolphin
v. Godolphin, 1
Ves . 23.

(e) Brown v . Higgs, 8 Ves . 570.