*520
TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .
[Сн. XX. S. 3.
Father providing for debts of son. - In another case a testator directed his trustees to apply 1000l. in releasing his son
from his liabilities, should the testator not have done so in
his lifetime.
The son was an uncertificated bankrupt, and
the Court considering that debts subsequently to the testator's death were not contemplated, discharged the debts up
to that period out of the 1000l., and gave the surplus to the
testator's residuary legatee (d) .
3.
Debts barred by the Statute of Limitations.-A direction for payment of debts will not revive a debt barred by
the Statute of Limitations (e), though the trustee or executor may have advertised for all creditors to come in
and prove their debts (f) ; and, if a debt might with due
diligence have been established, but there has been laches
which under ordinary circumstances would be a bar
[*520] to relief, the mere fact of the * creation and existence of a trust for payment of debts will not justify
the laches and enable the claimant to obtain relief (a).
But
a will may be so specially worded as to create a trust for
creditors generally, notwithstanding any bar from the Statute of Limitations, for the debts still subsist though the remedy is gone (b) ; and if there be a debt in fact not barred at
the date of the deed, or at the death of the testator, the statute will not run afterwards (c) ; for it is not to be inferred
that a man abandons his debt because he does not enforce
payment at law when he has a trustee to pay him (d).
Besides, unless delayed of necessity, the trustee ought to
discharge the debt at once, and the universal rule is, that
the cestui que trust ought not to suffer for the laches of the
(d) Re Landon's Will, W. N. 1871,
p. 240.
(e) Burke v. Jones, 2 V. & B. 275,
where the previous cases are collected;
Hargreaves v . Michell, 6 Mad. 326 ;
O'Connor v . Haslam, 5 H. L. Cas . 170.
(f) Jones v. Scott, 1 R. & M. 255;
4 Cl. & Fin. 382 ;
(overruling Andrews v. Brown, Pr. Ch. 385) ; and
see O'Connor v. Haslam, 5 H. L. Cas .
177.
(a) Harcourt v. White, 28 Beav.
303.
(b) Williamson v. Taylor, 3 Y. &
C. 208 .
(c) Hughes v. Wynne, T. & R.
307; Crallan v. Oulton, 3 Beav . 1 ;
Hargreaves v. Michell, 6 Mad. 326 ;
Executors of Fergus v. Gore, 1 Sch.
& Lef. 107 ; and see Mors v. Langham, cited Burke v. Jones, 2 V. & B.
286; O'Connor v. Haslam, 5 H. L.
Cas . 178.
(d) Hughes v. Wynne, T. & R.
309, per Cur.