CH. XVIII. S. 2.

*466

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.

Powers; but if it was intended to be said that a devisee,
subject to a charge, could not sell and sign a receipt for the
money, the doctrine is inconsistent with the nature of a
charge of debts in equity as commonly understood.
The
prevalent opinion hitherto is believed to have been that a
devisee subject to debts can sign a receipt for the purchasemoney (f) , and the cases in which the Court has upheld
purchases from a devisee with the concurrence of the executor but without relying upon such concurrence, would be a
trap for purchasers should the Court now refuse to uphold
a purchase from a devisee only.
Considering the declaratory
words contained at the end of the 18th section of Lord St.
Leonards' Act, it may now, it is conceived, be safely assumed that a purchaser from a devisee subject to a charge
of debts, will without the concurrence of the executor
acquire a good title.

y. Charge of debts where there is no devise of the estate.
If a testator charge his debts on the real estate, and does not
devise the estate at all, but allows it to descend to the heir,
can the heir sell and sign a receipt for the purchase-money ?
It appears to be clear that he cannot, for he takes nothing
under the will, and cannot therefore be regarded as
a person constituted by the * testator a trustee by [*466]
implication for payment of debts (a) ; he can pass
the legal estate, but he could not sign the receipt ; i.e. , if
the heir misapplied the money the creditors might still come
upon the estate.
But in this case, if the heir is disabled from selling can
the executor sell (i.e., independently of Lord St. Leonards'
Act, to be mentioned presently), for otherwise the charge
of debts amounts to a direction for a Chancery suit ? (b) .
The legal question arose in Doe v. Hughes (c) before the
Court of Exchequer, and the Court held that a charge had

(f) See the cases cited in note (a),
110, 5 N. R. 344 ; S. C. on appeal, 4
p.462, supra.
De G. J. & S. 608 ; Doe v. Hughes, 6
Exch. 231 ; Forbes v. Peacock, 11 M.
& W. 637, 638.

(a) See Gosling v. Carter, 1 Coll.
650 (where the V. C. said that the
intention to be collected was , that the
heir-at-law should have nothing to do
with it); Robson v. Flight, 34 Beav.
(b) See Robinson v. Lowater, 5 De
G. M. & G. 275.

(c) 6 Exch. 223.