CH. XXIII . S. 1.]
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*580
able, then in trust for the infant's personal representatives,
as part of the infant's personal estate ; but the accumulations, or any part thereof, may at any time be applied as if
the same were income arising in the then current year.
(6). Where the infant's estate or interest is in an undivided share of land, the powers of this section relative to
the land may be exercised jointly with persons entitled to
possession of, or having power to act in relation to, the other
undivided share or shares.]
17.
Trustees are authorised to oppose a bill in Parliament
prejudicial
to
cestuis que trust.
Conservators of public
works and similar quasi trustees are authorised to apply the
funds under their control in opposing a bill in Parliament,
the effect of which if passed would be injurious to the interests confided to them.
" Every trustee," said Lord Cottenham, " is entitled to be allowed the reasonable and proper
expenses incurred in protecting the property committed to
his care.
But if they have a right to protect the property
from immediate and direct injury, they must have the same
right where the injury threatened is indirect, but probable " (a) .
18. Applications to Parliament.- On the other hand, quasi
trustees, such as those before referred to, are not entitled to
apply the funds of an existing undertaking in or towards
the expense of obtaining other or larger
Parliamentary
powers (b) .
19. As to insurance. -A trustee would, it is conceived,
under special circumstances, and in due course of management, be justified in insuring the property (c); but where
there is a tenant for life, he could not be advised to do so
out of the income without the
tenant for
life's consent.
(a) Bright v. North, 2 Ph. 220 ;
Queen v . Norfolk Commissioners of
Sewers, 15 Q. B. 549; Attorney-General v. Andrews, 2 Mac. & G. 225;
Attorney-Generalv.Eastlake,11 Hare,
205; [Attorney-General v. Mayor of
Brecon , 10 Ch . D. 204 ; Regina v .
White, 14 Q. B. D. 358, reversing S.
C. 11 Q. B. D. 309. ]
(b) Attorney-General v. Andrews,
2 Mac. & G. 225; Vance v. East Lancashire Railway Company, 3 K. & J.
50; Attorney-General v. Guardians
of the Poor of Southampton, 17 Sim.
6; Attorney-General v. Corporation
of Norwich, 16 Sim. 225 ; Stevens v .
South Devon Railway Company, 13
Beav. 48.
(c) Ex parte Andrews,2 Rose,412 ;
and see Fry v. Fry, 27 Beav. 146.