*357
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
have been erroneously paid by the executor (i), but not from
purchasers for value, as from persons claiming under a marriage settlement (j) ;
[and where the residuary estate had
been assigned by the surviving executor to the residuary
legatees, it was held by the Court of Appeal that a creditor
might proceed against the residuary legatees without making
the executor a party to the action (k) .
But a claim against
the executor personally for a devastavit in distributing the assets * without providing for the debt is
barred after six years from the time of the devastavit (a) ; though he may be made liable after the expiration
of that period, on the ground of breach of trust in an action
to administer his testator's estate (b) .]
41. Rights of cestuis que trust.
A cestui que trust may,
notwithstanding the Statute of Limitations, if there has been
no improper laches, recover from another cestui que trust an
overpayment erroneously made to him by the trustee (c) ;
and residuary legatees, plaintiffs in a suit, have been ordered
to refund to unpaid particular legatees (d) .
42. Overpayment through misconduct of a cestui que trust.
Where a trustee had paid to wrong parties upon the evidence
of certificates which had been forged by one of the cestuis
que trust, the Court not only compelled repayment by the
wrong parties of what each had received, but also ordered
the cestui que trust who had forged the certificates, to make
up to the parties rightfully entitled, to the relief of the trustee, what should not be repaid (e) ; and in suits against trustees for breaches of trust, the Court has ordered a tenant for
life who was overpaid by the breach of trust, to pay back to
the trustees without the institution of another suit for the
purpose (f) .
217.
(i) Fordham v. Wallis, 10 Hare,
(j) Dilkes v . Broadmead, 2 Giff.
113 ; 2 De G. F. & J. 566 ; and see
Ridgeway v. Newstead, 3 De G. F. &
J. 474.
[(k) Hunter v. Young, 4 Ex. D.
256.]
[(a) Thorne v. Kerr, 2 K. & J. 54 ;
Re Gale, 22 Ch. D. 820.]
[(b) Re Marsden, 26 Ch. D. 783;
Re Baker, 20 Ch . D. 230; Re Birch,
27 Ch. D. 622.]
(c) Harris v. Harris (No. 2) , 29
Beav. 110.
(d) Prowse v. Spurgin, 5 L. R. Eq.
99.
(e) Eaves v. Hickson, 30 Beav. 136.
(f) Hood " . Clapham, 19 Beav.
90; and see Brynard v. Woolley, 20