*57
STATUTE OF FRAUDS.- FORMALITIES .
[CH. V. S. 2.

When the trust is manifested and proved by letters, parol
evidence may be admitted to show the position in which the
writer then stood, the circumstances by which he was surrounded, and the degree of weight and credit to be attached
to the letters, independently of any question of construction (j) .

4. The writing must be signed.- It will be observed, that
the words of the statute require the writing to be signed (k) ;
and not only the fact of the trust, but also the terms of it,
must be supported by evidence under signature (l) ; but, as
in the analogous case of agreements under the fourth section
of the Act (m), the terms of the trust may be collected from a paper * not signed, provided such paper
can be clearly connected with, and is referred to by,
the writing that is signed (a) .

5. Who is the party " enabled to declare the trust."- The
signature must be by the party " who is by law enabled to
declare such trust."
It has been occasionally contended,
that by this description was meant the person seised or
possessed of the legal estate; but it has been decided that
whether the property be real (b), or personal (c), the party

329.
(i) Freeman v . Tatham, 5 Hare,
(j) Morton v. Tewart, 2 Y. & C.
Ch . Ca. 67, see 77 .
(m) See Sug. Vend. & Purch . 14th
ed. ch. 4, s . 3.
(a) Forster v . Hale, 3 Ves. 696.
503 .
(k) See Denton v. Davies, 18 Ves .
(1) Forster v. Hale, 3 Ves . 707,
per Lord Alvanley ; Smith v. Matthews, 3 De G. F. & J. 139 .
(6) Tierney v. Wood, 19 Beav.
330 ;
[Kronheim v. Johnson, 7 Ch . D.
60; Dye v. Dye, 13 Q. B. D. 147.]
see Donohoe v. Conrahy, 2 Jones &
Lat. 688 .
(c) Bridge v . Bridge,16 Beav. 315 ;
Ex parte Pye, 18 Ves . 140, &c .
Baptist Church v. Presb. Church, 18 B. Mon. 635 ; Gilbert v. Sutliff, 30 Ohio
St. 129; by indorser of draft against consignee of goods ; Bank v. Gardner,
15 Gray, 362; by a new administrator against the old; Scott v. Searles, 7
Sm. & M. 498 ; by cestui que trust against trustee after death of grantor ; Tritt
v. Crotzer, 13 Pa. St. 451; by a cestui que trust with a vested interest, but not an
immediate right of enjoyment ; Cooper v. Day, 1 Rich. Eq. 26 ; against all
persons in possession with notice of the trust; Lathrop v . Bampton, 31 Col.
17; Shibla v. Ely, 6 N. J. Eq. 181 .

Trusts will not be enforced by one having mere possibility of becoming a
beneficiary ; Female Asso. v. Beekman, 21 Barb. 565; or by one tainted
with fraud in acts from which trust arose ; Tipton v. Powell, 2 Cold. Tenn.
76