CH. XVIII. S. 1.

*447

TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
where a lease is sold under the direction of the Court, and
all existing liabilities have been satisfied, and provision made
for future fixed sums covenanted to be laid out on the property, the Court will not think it necessary to protect a lessor,
who, as the legislature has now pronounced, cannot under
such circumstances claim protection out of Court.
In other
cases the law will remain as it was, and the general principle
would appear to be, that the Court should (not by way of
indemnity to the executor, except as to costs of resisting
proceedings against him, but ex debito justitiæ to a bonâ fide
future creditor) set apart a fund where it plainly appears
that future liabilities will arise, and that the whole estate
itself is not a sufficient security, and the devisee of the lease
cannot give adequate security either by personal undertaking
or otherwise.
[And in recent cases, both in England (c) and
in Ireland (d), the Court has refused to set aside any part
of the assets, or to give the executor any further indemnity
than that which arises by reason of the administration of the
estate by the Court.
But where the estate consists to an
appreciable extent of leaseholds, which involve a liability in
the executor, he is entitled as of right to have the estate
administered by the Court for his protection(e) .]

61. Assignment of a chose in action.- In the assignment
of a chose in action [not falling within sect. 25 of the Judicature Act, 1873,] the trustee may be required to give a power
of attorney to receive the money, and to sue in his name ,
but this should be accompanied by a proviso that no action
or suit shall be commenced unless the assignor consent, * or unless the assignee tender a sufficient in- [*447]
demnity (a).
(But in the case of an absolute assignment by writing within sect. 25, as the assignee can, by
giving notice under the Act, acquire the right to sue at law
in his own name for the chose in action, it is conceived that
a trustee could not be compelled to give such a power of
attorney.]
[(c) Re Bosworth, 29 W. R. 885 ;
45 L. T. N. S. 136.]
[(d) Buckley v. Nesbitt, 5 L. R.
Ir. 199; Fitzgerald v. Lonergan, cited
5 L. R. Ir. 203.]
[(e)ReBosworth, 45 L.T.N.S.136.]
(a) Ex parte Little, 3 Moll. 56.
607