CH. III. S. 1.

*22
WHO MAY BE A SETTLOR.
made to one person, a trust cannot be proved by parol in
favour of another, for this would contradict the nature of the
instrument which purports to be an act of bounty to
the grantee (a) .
However, if the grant be to A.
[*22]
and his heirs with the limitation of a beneficial interest to A. for life only, a trust of the remainder will not pass
to the grantee, but will result to the Crown, for the presumption of bounty as to the whole is rebutted by the
declared intention as to the part (b) .
Prizes.
All prizes taken in war vest in the sovereign,
and are commonly by the royal warrant granted to trustees
upon trust to distribute in a prescribed mode amongst the
captors ; but an instrument of this kind is held not to vest
an interest in the cestuis que trust which they can enforce in
equity, but it may at any time be revoked or varied at the
pleasure of the sovereign before the general distribution (c) .
[The effect of such an instrument is merely to appoint the
persons named to be the agents of the sovereign to effect
the distribution (d) .]
Will of the sovereign. -The Crown may also by will bequeath its private personal property to one person in trust
for another, but the will must be in writing and under the
sign manual (e), though the Probate Court has no jurisdiction to admit it to probate (f) .
3. Corporations.-As to the power of Corporate Bodies¹
to create a trust, it was competent to municipal corporations,
before the Municipal Corporations Act (g), to alienate their
(a) Fordyce v. Willis, 3 B. С. С.
577.
(b) Bac. on Uses, 66.
(c) Alexander v. Duke of Wellington, 2 R. & M. 35. As to the execution of the trust by the agency of
persons deputed by the principals,
see Tarragona, 2 Dods. Adm. Rep.
487.
[(d) Kinlock v. Secretary of State
for India in Council, 15 Ch. D. 1 ; 7
App. Cas. 619.]
(e) 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 88, s. 10.
(f) Williams on Executors, 14,
8th ed.
In the goods of his late
Majesty Geo. 3. 3 Sw. & Tr. 199.
(g) 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76.
1May, subject to their charters, and the laws under which they are organized, alienate their property: Angell on Corp. § 191 ; Barings v. Dabney, 19
Wall. 1; Dana v . Bank, 5 Watts & S. 224; Catlin v. Eagle Bank, 6 Conn. 233 ;
Hopkins v. Turnpike Co. 4 Humph. 403 ; Maryland v. Bank, 6 Gill & J. 205;
Barry v. Merchant's Co. 1 Sandf. Ch. 280.
25