CH. VI.
WHEN A TRUST IS PERFECTLY CREATED.
*73
authority of Sloane v. Cadogan (f) a valid trust is created
when the settlor has executed an assignment of it to a new
trustee ; for an equitable interest is capable of transmission
from one to another; and here the Court finds the
relation of trustee and cestui que trust * established
[*73]
without the necessity of calling on the settlor to join
in any act for giving it completion.
The late Vice-Chancellor of England questioned the case
of Sloane v. Cadogan upon this point (a) ; but in Kekewich
v. Manning (6), Lord Justice K. Bruce observed, " Suppose
stock or money be legally vested in A. as a trustee for B.
for life, and subject to B.'s life interest for C. absolutely ;
surely it must be competent to C. in B.'s lifetime, with or
without the consent of A., to make an effectual gift of C.'s
interest to D. by way of pure bounty, leaving the legal
interest and legal title untouched.
If so, can C. do this
better or more effectually than by executing an assignment
to D. ?"
These principles have since been acted upon (c), and
Sloane v. Cadogan may be regarded as law.
It had been
before contended that the assignment operated by way of
contract, and as there was no consideration the Court could
not enforce it; but the rule now is, that the assignment
passes the equitable estate (d) .
11.
Where new trust is created without new trustees.- In
other cases a person entitled to an equitable interest, instead
of assigning it to new trustees, has directed the old trustees
(f) Appendix to Sug. Vend. &
Purch.
Quaere, also, if the same
point was not ruled in Ellison v . Ellison, 6 Ves . 656; for though the facts
are very imperfectly stated, it would
seem from some expressions that at
the date of the settlement the legal
estate was not in the settlor ; and see
Reed v . O'Brien, 7 Beav. 32 ; Bridge
v. Bridge, 16 Beav. 315 ; Gannon v.
White, 2 Ir. Eq. Rep. 207.
281.(a) Beatson v. Beatson, 12 Sim.
(b) 1 De G. M. & G. p. 188.
(c) Voyle v. Hughes, 2 Sm. & Gif.
18; Lambe v. Orton, 1 Dr. & Sm. 125;
Gilbert v . Overton, 2 H. & Μ. 110 ;
Woodford v . Charnley, 28 Beav . 99,
per M. R.; Re Way's Trust, 2 De G.
J. & S. 365 ; reversing same case, 4
New Rep . 453.
(d) Donaldson
v. Donaldson,
1
Kay, 711.
" If," Sir J. Wigram on
one occasion observed, " the equitable
owner of property, the legal interest
of which is in a trustee, should execute
a voluntary assignment, and authorise
the assignee to sue for and recover
the property from that trustee, and
the assignee should give notice thereof