CH. XVIII. S. 2.

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .

to the executors, as the testator could not be taken to have
contemplated his own intestacy as to real estate.

Lord St. Leonards' Act.-However, by Lord St. Leonards'
Act, 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 16 & 23, as to wills coming into
operation since 13th August, 1859, the executor may sell or
mortgage and sign a receipt for the money.

6. Charge of debts where the estate is subjected to various
limitations.
Suppose a testator to charge his debts, and to
devise the estate to A. for life, with contingent remainders or
other limitations, which render it impossible that the implied
power of sale can be executed by the devisees.

This
has occurred in several cases (c), and the * result [*469]
appears to be that the Court, if it can possibly avoid
it, will not construe the charge as a direction for a Chancery
suit, but will assume that a power of sale for payment of
the debts was given to some one, and that as it was not
given to the devisees it must have been intended for the
executors .
In such a case the executors must be considered
as having an equitable power of sale.
The case in the Exchequer (a) directly decided that the executors have no
power themselves to pass the legal estate.

Where, in the
case supposed, the executors take an implied equitable power
of sale upon the face of the will, it is immaterial whether the
devised estates do or not lapse, except that the legal estate
will, as the event happens, be in the devisees or in the heirat-law.
If a conveyance cannot be obtained, recourse must
behad to the Trustee Acts for the transfer of the legal estate .

Lord St. Leonards' Act.- However, Lord St. Leonards' Act,
22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, appears to apply to such a case, for
though the devise is not to trustees as required by the 14th
section, yet it is a case within the 16th section, where " the
whole estate and interest " of the testator " has not become
vested in any trustee or trustees ; " and it is presumed that
the 18th section was meant to except from the Act devises
(c) Gosling v. Carter, 1 Coll. 644;
Eidsforth v. Armstead, 2 K. & J. 333 ;
Wrigley
v .
Sykes, 21 Beav. 337 ;
Bolton v . Stannard, 4 Jur. N. S. 576;
and see Robinson v. Lowater, 17Beav .
592 ; 5 De G. M. & G. 272 ; Sabin v.
Heape, 27 Beav. 553; Greetham v.
Colton, 34 Beav. 615; Hooper v. Strutton, 12 W. R. 367 .

(a) Doe v . Hughes, 6 Exch. 223.

635