*203

ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRUST.

proved, and the other three, describing themselves as executors, gave a letter of attorney to the fourth, describing him as acting executor, to receive a quantity of stock, Lord Hardwicke ruled that the whole number, by this conduct, had drawn upon themselves the burden of the executorship (f) ;
and so generally, if an executor sign a power of attorney to get in part of the testator's estate (a), he [*203]
brings down the whole burden upon himself, though at the time of acting he disclaim the intention of assuming
the office (b) .
Acts of acceptance.-The joining in an assignment of the testator's lease (c), or the bringing an action on the footing
of the trust (d), is an acceptance of the office. And an executor and trustee for sale will be deemed to have acted in
the trust, if the property be expressed to be sold by direction of the trustees, and he is present, and takes part, and
exercises authority or ownership by giving orders respecting the sale, and afterwards calls on a co-executor to inquire
into the state of the testator's accounts (e) .
8. Interference not acceptance, where clearly referable to another ground than acceptance.-The rule that every vol
(f) Harrison v. Graham, 3 Hill's M.S.S. 239 ;
S.C. cited Churchill v.
Lady Hobson, 1 P.W. 241, note (y) ,
6th ed.; White v. Barton, 18 Beav. 192; Carberry & Daly v. Cody, 1 Ir. Rep. Eq. 76.
(a) Cummins v. Cummins, 8 Ir. Eq. Rep. 723.
(b) Doyle v. Blake, 2 Sch. & Lef. 231; but see Malzy v. Edge, 2 Jur. N.S. 80.
(c) Urch v. Walker, 3 M. & Cr.
(d) Montfort v. Cadogan, 17 Ves. 489.
(e) James v. Frearson, 1 Y. & C.C. 370; see 375, 377.
In Orr v.
Newton, 2 Cox, 274, A., one of six
executors, admitted in his answer that
during the life of B., another of the
executors and who had alone taken
out probate, he had assisted in writing
letters to the co-executors towards
collecting the testator's estate, and it
was proved that A. had written on
behalf of himself and his co-executors
to a debtor of the testator requiring
payment.
Lord Camden,
notwithstanding
these
circumstances,
observed in his argument, that "B.
undertook to act solely, and did act
solely until he died," implying that
A. had, by his conduct, not assumed
the character of executor.
But the
case was one of "cruel persecution” against A.; and his Lordship put the fairest possible construction upon all that
A. had done; and besides, Lord Camden might only have meant that B. was substantially the sole acting executor,
without adverting to the question, whether the interference of A. ought or not, in strict legal construction, to be held an acceptance
of the executorship.
281