* CHAPTER VIII .
[*108]
IN WHAT LANGUAGE A TRUST MUST BE DECLARED.
A PERSON may declare a trust either directly or indirectly:
the former by creating a trust eo nomine, in the form and
terms of a trust ; the latter, without affecting to create a
trust in words, by evincing an intention, which the Court
will effectuate through the medium of an implied trust (1).
SECTION I.
OF DIRECT OR EXPRESS DECLARATIONS OF TRUST.
1. General rule.-In creating a trust, a person need only
make his meaning clear as to the interest he intends to
give, without regarding the technical terms of the common
law in the limitation of legal estates. An equitable fee may
be created without the word " heirs," and an equitable entail
without the words "heirs of the body" (a), provided
words be used which though not technical * are yet [*109]
(a) See Shep. Touch. by Preston, 106.
(1) Distinction between Implied Trusts, Trusts by Operation of
Law, and Constructive Trusts.-The terms Implied Trusts, Trusts by Operation of Law, and Constructive Trusts appear from the books to be almost
synonymous expressions ; but for the purposes of the present work the following distinctions, as considered the most accurate, will be observed :- An
implied trust is one declared by a party not directly, but only by implication;
aswhere a testator devises an estate to A. and his heirs, not doubting that he
will thereout pay an annuity of £20 per annum to B. for his life, in which
case A. is a trustee for B. to the extent of the annuity.
Trusts by operation of
law are such as are not declared by a party at all, either directly or indirectly,
but result from the effect of a rule of equity, and are either- 1. Resulting
trusts, as where an estate is devised to A. and his heirs, upon trust to sell and
pay the testator's debts, in which case the surplus of the beneficial interest is
a resulting trust in favour of the testator's heir ; or, 2. Constructive trusts,
which the Court elicits by a construction put upon certain acts of parties, as
whena tenant for life of leaseholds renews the lease on his own account, in
which case the law gives the benefit of the renewed lease to those who were
interested in the old lease.