*571
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
[Сн. ХХІІ.
these circumstances no conflict can now arise, under sect.
63, between the trustees and the tenant for life as to the
exercise of their powers, and it seems unnecessary to consider what is the proper construction of the section in this
respect.
33. Where the powers of the Act are exercisable and any
necessity arises for trustees of the settlement for the purposes of the Act, they are by sect. 63 defined to be " the persons, if any, who are for the time being under the settlement
trustees for sale of the settled land, or having power of consent to, or approval of, or control over the sale, or if under
the settlement there are no such trustees, then the persons,
if any, for the time being,who are by the settlement declared
to be trustees thereof for purposes of the Act."
34. By sub-sect. (2) of sect. 63, the provisions of the Act
referring to a tenant for life, and to a settlement, and to settled land, are to extend to cases under that section with certain exceptions, of which the following are the material ones
[*571]
for the present purpose.
* (a) .
Capital money is not to be applied in the
purchase of land unless expressly authorised by the
settlement in the case of capital money arising thereunder
from sales or other dispositions of the settled land, but may,
in addition to any other mode of application authorised by
the Act, be applied in any mode in which capital money
arising under the settlement from any such sale or other
disposition is applicable thereunder, subject to any consent
required or direction given by the settlement with respect
to the application of trust money of the settlement.
(b). Capital money and the securities in which the same
is invested shall not for any purpose of disposition, transmission, or devolution, be considered as land unless the same
would, if arising under the settlement from a sale or disposition of the settled land, have been so considered, and shall
be held in trust for and shall go to the same persons successively in the same manner, and for and on the same estates,
interests and trusts, as the same would have gone, and been
held, if arising under the settlement from a sale or disposition of the settled land, and the income of such capi