CH. XVIII . S. 1.]
*435
TRUSTEES FOR SALE .
36.
Sale
must
not be delegated.- The
trustee cannot
without responsibility delegate the trust for sale (g) ; but
there seems to be no objection to the employment
* of agents by him, where such a course is conform- [*435]
able to the common usage of business, and the trustee acts as prudently for the cestuis que trust as he would
have done for himself (a) .
But an agent for sale must not
be allowed to receive the purchase-money ; [and an agent
should not be employed to do anything out of the ordinary
scope of his business ; and it has even been held that the trustee's solicitor ought not to choose the valuer, as the choice is
a matter on which the discretion of the trustee should be
exercised (b) . ]
37.
If the sale be by auction, proper advertisements must be
given.- If the trustee think a sale by auction the more eligible mode, he must see that all proper advertisements are
made, and due notice given.
It was ruled in an old case (c)
that a cestui que trust could not, by alleging the want of these
preliminary steps, obtain an injunction against the sale ; for
the trustee being personally responsible to the cestui que trust
for any consequential damage, the Court, it was said, could
not regard it as a case of irreparable injury.
But in more
recent cases an injunction has been granted, it being the
clear duty of the trustee to procure for the cestuis que trust
the most advantageous sale (d) .
[38. Prior charges.-By the Conveyancing and Law of
Property Act, 1881, as to trusts or powers created since 31st
December, 1881, and unless the settlement otherwise directs,
a trustee may sell, or concur in selling, all or any part of the
property either subject to prior charges or not (e) . ]
512; and see Sidebotham v. Barrington, 4Beav. 110.
109.(g) Hardwick v. Mynd, 1 Anst.
(a) Ex parte Belchier, Amb . 218 ;
[Re Speight, 22 Ch . D. 727 ; 9 App .
Cas . 1;] and see Ord v. Noel, 5 Mad.
438; Rossiter v . Trafalgar Life Assurance Association, 27 Beav. 377 .
[(b) Fry v . Tapson , 28 Ch . D.
268.]
549.
(c) Pechel
v.
Fowler , 2 Anst.
(d) Anon. Case, 6 Mad. 10 ; Blennerhasset v. Day, 2 B. & B. 133.
As
to restraining a mortgagee from selling,
see Matthie v. Edwards, 2 Coll. 465;
S. C. on appeal nomine Jones v . Matthie, 11 Jur. 504 ; Jenkins v . Jones , 2
Giff. 99.
[(e) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 35.]
593