CH. XII . S. 2.

*238
BANKRUPTCY OF TRUSTEES .

the lord having made the usual proclamation, and the heir
having tendered himself for admission, and the lord having
refused to admit him on the ground that the estate was in
the devisees, who refused to come in, it was ruled that, as
the devisees had no title until admittance and the
estate descended * to the heir, the lord was not justi- [*238]
fied in seizing for want of a tenant (a) .

29. Reimbursement.- Though the manorial burdens in
respect of copyholds fall upon the trustee personally at law,
he is of course entitled in equity to reimburse himself the
expenditure out of the trust estate (b) .

30.
Trustee of leaseholds.-The trustee of a leasehold estate is liable upon the covenants of the lease just as if he
were the real owner (c).1
But the trust estate must indemnify him in equity.

[It is the duty of a trustee of leasehold
property to keep it free from the risk of forfeiture; and for
that purpose he is entitled to have the covenants in the
lease performed out of the rents of the property, and is not
bound to be satisfied with an indemnity against the consequences of a breach of the covenants.
And where a tenant
for life of leasehold houses had been allowed by the trustees
to receive the rents and profits, and the houses had not been
kept in a proper state of repair, the Court, at the instance of
one of the trustees, appointed a receiver (d) .]

31.
If trustee trade in that character, he is amenable to the
bankrupt laws.- If a trustee carry on a trade in the due execution of his trust, he makes himself amenable to the operation of the bankrupt law in the same manner as if he had
traded on his own account (e), and the debts contracted by
him in such trade are not debts of the testator, but his own

Q. B. 269 ;
[and see now 44 & 45
Vict. c. 41, s . 30.]

(a) Garland v . Mead, 6 L. R. Q. B.
(b) Rivet's case, Moore, 890.
(c) White v. Hunt, 6 L. R. Ex. 32.
[(d) Re Fowler, 16 Ch. D. 723.]
(e) Wightman v. Townroe, 1 M. &
S. 412; Ex parte Garland, 10 Ves .
119, per Lord Eldon; Hankey v. Hammond, cited in marginal note to 1
Cooke's Bank. Law, 84, 3d ed.; and
see Re Phœnix Life Insurance Company, 2 J. & H. 229 ; Lucas v. Williams , No. 1, 4 De G. F. & J. 436;
Farhall v. Farhall, 7 L. R. Ch . App.
123.
1 Greason v. Keteltas, 17 Ν. Υ. 491 .