*138
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
attain the age of twenty-one years " (g) ;] or " to A. for her
own use and benefit absolutely, having full confidence in her
sufficient and judicious provision for her children (h), or,
"being well assured that she will husband the means left
to her for the sake of herself and her children " (i),
[*138] or " to be applied by * her in the bringing up and
maintenance of her children " (a).
Instances of the
creation of a trust are where property is given, "that he
may dispose thereof for the benefit of himself and his children " (b), or " at her sole and entire disposal for the maintenance of herself and her children " (c), or "for his own use
and benefit, and the maintenance and education of his children " (d) , [or " for their own use and support of their
children " (e) ], or " at the disposal of the legatee for herself and her children " (f), or " all overplus towards her
support and her family " (g), or to A. " for the education
and advancing in life of her children " (h), [or to A. " and
the said tenement I leave to the disposal of her, with a view
that the said tenement may be disposed of as she may think
proper for the maintenance and education of my two daughters " (i) .]
In a recent case (j), it was held that the circumstance of a trustee being interposed, instead of the
property being given directly to the parent, was sufficient
to show that no sub-trust was intended, but this view appears
not to be supported by earlier decisions (k) .
13. Nature of such a trust.-Where a trust is created, the
person bound by it is the hand to administer it, and can sign
[(g) Farr v. Hennis, 44 L. T. N. S.
202.]
(h) Fox v. Fox, 27 Beav. 301.
(i) Scott v. Key, 35 Beav. 291 .
(a) Mackett v. Mackett, 14 L. R.
Eq. 49.
(f) Crockett v. Crockett, 1 Hare,
451; and see S. C. 2 Phil . 461 ; Bibby
v. Thompson (No. 1), 32 Beav. 646.
401.(g) Woods v . Woods, 1 M. & Cr.
(h) Gilbert v. Bennett, 10 Sim.
371.
[(i) Talbot v. O'Sullivan, 6 L. R.
Ir. 302.]
(b) Raikes v. Ward, 1 Hare, 445.
(c) Scott v . Key, 35 Beav. 291 .
(d) Longmore v. Elcum, 2 Y. &
C. Ch. Ca. 369 ; Carr v. Living, 28
Beav . 644 ; Berry v. Briant, 2 Drew.
41.
& Sm. 1; Bird v. Maybury, 33 Beav.
351.
[(e) Dixon v. Dixon, W. N. 1876,
p. 225.]
(j) Byne v. Blackburn, 26 Beav.
(k) Gilbert v. Bennett, 10 Sim.
371; Longmore v. Elcum, 2 Y. & C.
C. C. 363 ; and see Carr v. Living, 20
Beav. 644.