*225
[CH. XII. S. 2.
DEVISE OF TRUST ESTATES.

(d) ; nor can the assets be taken in execution for the debt of the executor (e), [unless under such special circumstances as give the creditors of the executor a better equity than the creditors of the testator, as where the executor has been allowed to retain the assets for a considerable time and deal with them as his absolute property (f) ; but possession by the executor of the assets for a long time if in accordance with the trusts will not raise such an equity (g); and if, under the old law as to forfeiture, the executor] committed felony or treason, the assets were exempted from forfeiture to the crown (h) ; and if the executor die intestate instead of vesting in his administrator, they vest in the administrator de bonis non of the testator (i).

7. Attachment.
Attachment by the custom of the City
of London does not apply to debts [where the beneficial
interest is vested in a person other than the defendant sued
in the Lord Mayor's Court and the garnishee has notice of
the trust (j). ]

8. Trustee may deal with the trust estate by Act inter vivos.
A trust estate, whether real or personal, may, at law, be conveyed, assigned, or encumbered by the trustee, like a beneficial estate ; and, if there be co-trustees, each may exercise the like powers of ownership over his own proportion.
Thus if lands be vested in trustees as joint-tenants, each may at law receive the rents (k), and each may at law sever the joint-tenancy by a conveyance of his share (l) ; and if the trust estate be stock each may receive the dividends without any authority from the co-trustee.

General words.
But, in dealings with the trust estate,
(d) Soady v. Turnbull, 1 L. R. Ch. App. 494.
(e) Farr v. Newman, 4 T. R. 621 ;
[Re Morgan, 18 Ch. D. 93.]
[(f) Ray v. Ray, G. Coop., 264;
Kitchen v. Ibbetson, 17 L. R. Eq. 46 ;
and see In re Fells, 4 Ch. D. 509 ; Re Morgan, 18 Ch. D. 93.]
[(g) Fenwick v. Laycock, 2 Q. B. 108; Re Morgan, 18 Ch. D. 93 ;
and see Ex parte Barber, 42 L. T. N. S. 411, 28 W. R. 522.]
(h) Farr v. Newman, 4 T. R. 628, per Grose, J.; [see now 33 & 34 Vict.
c. 23.]
(i) Ib. per eundem ; Rachfield v. Careless, 2 P. W. 161, per Powis, J.
(j) Westoby v. Day, 2 Ell. & Bl. 605; Lewis v. Wallis, Sir T. Jones,
222.
35.
134.
(k) Townley v. Sherborne, Bridge.
(l) Boursot v. Savage, 2 L. R. Eq. 310