CH . XXIII . S. 1.]
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
*583
26. Income of gift absolute in form but liable to be defeated.
-The corresponding section in Lord Cranworth's Act, the
wording of which was very similar, was held not to apply to
the case of a gift absolute in the first instance but liable to
be defeated in the event of the legatee not attaining twenty-one.
In such a case the accumulations of income were held
to belong to the infant's estate notwithstanding his death.
under age (b) .
It may be doubted whether that case was not
intended to be covered by the enactment, but it does not fall
within the strict letter of it, and no distinction can be drawn
in this respect between the language of the corresponding
sections in Lord Cranworth's Act and the recent Act.
27. Income of contingent gift.-Where the infant was entitled contingently on his attaining twenty-one, or on some
event before his attaining that age, to a legacy carrying interest in the meantime, the power of maintenance in Lord Cranworth's Act applied (c), as does also the power under the
recent Act ; but where a further contingency is involved in
the gift, as in addition to attaining twenty-one the contingency
of surviving a particular person, the case does not come
within the sections of either of the Acts, and neither the
trustees nor the Court can apply the income for maintenance, and there is no obligation to accumulate (d) .
28. Another question which arises under this section is,
whether an infant is entitled to maintenance
out of the
income of property to which he is entitled contingently on
his attaining twenty-one, where, independently of the section, the infant could never have become entitled to the
income; as for instance in the case of a pecuniary legacy
given by a person not the parent or loco parentis to an infant
contingently on his attaining twenty-one.
This question is
not free from difficulty having regard to the state of the law
prior to the recent enactment and to the language of the
section.
By Lord Cranworth's Act where an infant was
contingently entitled to property, the trustees were empowered to apply towards the maintenance and education of
the infant out of the income of such property (b) .
Re Buckley's Trusts, 22 Ch. D. 583.
Re Judkin's Trusts, 25 Ch. D. 743.
Re Cotton, 1 Ch. D. 232.