*500
[Сн. ХІХ.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES FOR PURCHASE.

If he does so, and the valuer has bonâ fide valued the property at double its value, the trustee must take * the consequences : he ought to have employed a valuer on his own behalf to see to it" (a).

4. There must be a good title.- Another question of importance is that of title.
Every direction or authority to lay out trust money upon a purchase of real estate, carries with it the tacit condition that there shall be a good title. Whether, therefore, the trustees are proposing to purchase by private contract or by auction, they must take care not to bind themselves by any agreement which shall preclude them from requiring a good marketable title.
If the intended contract or conditions of sale contain anything of a special character, the trustees should lay them before their counsel for his opinion, whether the stipulations are consistent with their trust (b).

Formerly a good marketable title was one traced back for a period of sixty years, but by 37 & 38 Vict. c. 78, s . 1, å forty years' title has now been substituted.

[5. Conditions incorporated in the contract.-The 2d section of the same Act as to contracts for sale made after the 31st December 1874, and the 3d section of The Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881 (c) as to contracts for sale made after the 31st December 1881, incorporate in such contracts various conditions and stipulations (d) unless the same are expressly excluded, and by the 3d section of the

(a) Ingle v. Partridge, 34 Beav.
412-414; [but see Re Godfrey, 23 Ch .
D. 483, where trustees were held not
liable though they had not made an
independent valuation, and in all cases
the true test seems to be whether the
trustees have acted as prudent men
would in dealing with their own property; and see Re Pearson, 51 L. T.
N. S. 692.]

(b) See Eastern Counties Railway
Company v . Hawkes, 5 H. L. Cas.
363.

[(c) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41.]

[(d) For these conditions and stipulations see ante, p. 438-440.]