CH. XIV . S. 1.]
GETTING IN THE TRUST ESTATE.
*291
instituting legal proceedings (f).
Personal security changes
from day to day, by reason of the personal responsibility of
the debtor giving the security ; and, as a testator's means of
judging of the value of that responsibility are put an end to
by his death, the executor who omits to get in the
money within a reasonable time * becomes himself [*291]
the security (a).
An executor will be equally liable
if he knows that a co-executor is a debtor to the testator's
estate, and does not take the same active steps for recovery
of the amount from the co-executor, as it would have been
his duty to take against a stranger. And it does not vary
the case that the testator himself was in the habit of leaving
money in the hands of that co-executor, and treating him as
a private banker (b).
Nor will an executor be excused for
not calling in money on personal security by a clause in
the will, that the executors are to call in " securities not
approved by them; " for such a direction is construed as
referable to securities upon which a testator's property may
allowably be invested, and not as authorizing an investment
which the Court will not sanction (c).
And if a settlement
contain a clause that the trustees are to get in the money
"whenever they shall think fit and expedient so to do," they
will be liable, if they refrain from enforcing payment out of
tenderness to the tenant for life without a due regard to the
interests of all the cestuis que trust (d) .
If, however, it
appears, or there is reasonable ground for believing, that had
legal steps been taken they would have produced no useful
result, the executor or trustee is not liable (e) .
6. Case of trust fund outstanding on mortgage.-Money
outstanding upon good mortgage security an executor is not
called upon to realize, until it is wanted in the course of
(f) Lowson v. Copeland, 2 В. С.
C. 156.
(a) Bailey v. Gould, 4 Υ. & C. 226,
per Baron Alderson .
(b) Styles v. Guy, 1 Mac. & G.
422; 1 Hall & Tw. 523 ; Egbert v.
Butter, 21 Beav. 560 ; Candler v. Tillett, 22Beav. 257.
(c) Styles v. Guy, 1 Mac. & G.
428; and see Scully v. Delany, 2 Ir.
Eq. Rep. 165.
(d) Luther v . Bianconi, 10 Ir. Ch.
Rep. 194.
(e) Clack v. Holland,19 Beav.
262; Hobday v. Peters (No. 3), 28
Beav. 603 ; Alexander v. Alexander,
12 Ir. Ch. Rep. 1; Maitland v. Bateman, 16 Sim. 233, note ; Walker v.
Symonds, 3 Sw . 71 .