CH . XVIII . S. 1.

*426

TRUSTEES FOR SALE .

such an act is not regularly within their province, and it is
incumbent on the persons taking a lease from them to show
that it was called for by the interests of the parties entitled
to the property(e) .
[11. May not give option to purchase.
And executors
and administrators equally with trustees cannot bind the
trust estate by a proviso in a lease that the lessee shall during the term have an option of purchasing the property at
a fixed price (f) ; for it is the duty of the trustees to exercise their discretion at the time of sale as to whether the
terms are in the circumstances as then existing beneficial to
the cestuis que trust.
And on the same principle a covenant
by a trustee in a lease to renew on the payment of a fixed
fine was held to be a breach of trust and not enforceable by
the lessee (g) .]
12. Trust for sale will not in general authorise a mortgage.
A trust for sale, if there be nothing to negative the settlor's intention to convert the estate absolutely, will not
authorise the trustees to execute a mortgage (h) .
But where
an estate is devised to trustees, charged with debts, the subject thereto, upon trust for certain parties, so that a sale,
though it may be required, is not the testator's object, the
trustees may, for the purpose of paying the debts, more properly mortgage than sell (i).
"A power of sale out
* and out," observed Lord St. Leonards, " for a pur- [*426]
pose or with an object beyond the raising of a particular charge, does not authorise a mortgage : but where it is
for raising a particular charge, and the estate is settled subject to that charge, then it may be proper, under the circumstances, to raise the money by mortgage, and the Court will
support it as a conditional sale, as something within the
power, and as a proper mode of raising the money " (a) .
(e) Keating v. Keating, Ll. & G.
Rep. t. Sugden, 133 ;
[Oceanic Steam
Navigation Company v. Sutherberry,
16 Ch . D. 236.]
[(f) Oceanic Steam Navigation
Company v . Sutherberry, 16 Ch . D.
236 ; Clay v. Rufford, 5 De G. & Sm.
768.]
[(g) Bellringer v. Blagrave, 1 De
G. & Sm . 63. ]
(h) Haldenby v. Spofforth, 1 Beav .
390; Stroughill v. Anstey, 1 De G. M. &
G. 635; Page v. Cooper, 16 Beav. 396 ;
Devaynes v . Robinson, 24 Beav. 86.
(i) Ball v . Harris, 4 M. & Cr. 264.
(a) Stroughill v. Anstey, 1 De G.
581