*101
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
lodging, and give directions to tradesmen to supply the son
and the wife and children with all that was necessary
for maintenance, and if so the assignees were not entitled to
anything " (a) .
But if there be a power not arbitrary but
imperative to apply for the benefit of the bankrupt and
another, and the trustees refuse to exercise the power, so
that a simple trust arises, the creditors will take a moiety (b), and if by the death of the other person the bankrupt becomes the only object of the power, the creditors
will take the whole (c).
14. Limitation over on alienation.-But though a person
cannot put a restraint upon alienation, or exclude the rights
of creditors, he may settle property upon A. until alienation,
bankruptcy, or insolvency, with a limitation over to B. on
the happening of either of those events ; or he may give real
or personal estate to A. for life (d), with a proviso that on
alienation, bankruptcy, or insolvency (e), it shall shift over
to B. , and where property was by an instrument dated in
1862, limited to A. for life " or until he should be outlawed
or declared bankrupt or become an insolvent debtor within
the meaning of some Act of Parliament for the relief of insolvent debtors," his interest was held to cease on the presentation of a petition for liquidation under the Bankruptcy Act,
1869, by a firm of which he was a member, followed by acceptance by the creditors of a composition.¹ And if the trust
be for A. for life, remainder to B. for life, or until bank
(a) Godden v. Crowhurst, 10 Sim .
642; and see Kearsley v . Woodcock,
3 Hare, 185; Wallace v. Anderson,
16 Beav. 533 ; In re Landon's Trusts,
40 L. J. N. S. Ch . 370.
533.
(b) Ribbon v. Norton, 2 Beav. 63.
(c) Wallace v. Anderson, 16 Beav .
(d) Shee v . Hale, 13 Ves . 404;
Cooper v . Wyatt, 5 Mad. 482; Yarnold v. Moorhouse, 1 R. & Μ. 364 ;
Lockyer v. Savage, 2 Stra. 947; Stephens v. James, 4 Sim. 499 ; Ex parte
Hinton, 14 Ves . 598; Lewes v. Lewes,
6 Sim . 304 ; Ex parte Oxley, 1 B. &
B. 257; Stanton v. Hall, 2 R. & M.
175; Oldham v. Oldham, 3 L. R. Eq.
404; Montefiore v. Behrens, 35 Beav.
95; Hammonds v. Barrett, 21 L. T.
N. S. 321 ; 17 W. R. 1078 ; Billson
v. Crofts, 15
L. R. Eq.
314; Re
Aylwin's Trusts, 16 L. R. Eq. 585 ;
[Hatton v. May, 3 Ch. D. 148 ; Re
Bedson's
Trusts, 25 Ch.
D.
458 ;
affirmed 28 Ch . D. 523.
Joel v. Mills ,
3 K. & J. 458 ;] and see Rochford v.
Hackman, 9 Hare,
475 ;
Sharp
v.
Cosserat, 20 Beav. 470.
(e) As to what is insolvency, see
ReMuggeridge's Trust, Johns . 625.
1 Nixon v. Verry, 29 Ch. D. 196.
138