INTRODUCTION .
*10
ing one inconvenience, fraud, or private mischief, which the
statute of Hen. 8. meant to avoid " (a) .
Alterations made in trusts as regards the trustee.
As to the
changes that were successively introduced, it was held with
reference to the trustee, that actual confidence in the person was
no longer to be looked upon as essential. Abody corporate
therefore was not exempted from the writ of subpæna on the
ground of incapacity (b) : and even the king, notwithstanding his high prerogative, was invested with the character of
a Royal Trustee (c), though the precise mode of enforcing
the trust against him was not exactly ascertained : to use
the language of Lord Northington, "the arms of equity were
very short against the Prerogative " (d) .
The subtle distinctions which had formerly attended the notion of privity of
estate were also gradually discarded.
Thus it was laid down
by Lord Hale, that tenant in dower should be bound by a
trust as claimingin the perby the assignment of the heir (e) ;
and so it was afterwards determined by Lord Nottingham (f) :
and when an old case to the contrary was cited by Lord Jeffries, it was unanimously declared both by the bench and the
bar to be against equity and the constant practice of the
Court (g) . A tenant by statute merchant was held to be
bound upon the same principle, for he took, it was said, by
the act of the party, and the remedy which the law gave
thereupon (h).
But as to the tenant by the curtesy, Lord
Hale gave his opinion, that one in the post should not be liable to a trust without express mention made by the
party who created it ; and therefore tenant by * the
[*10]
curtesyshould not be bound (a) : but his Lordship's
authority on this point was subsequently over-ruled, and
(a) Burgess v . Wheate, 1 Ed. 223.
(b) See Green v. Rutherford, 1 Ves.
468; Attorney-General v . Whorwood,
1Ves. 536.
(c) See Penn v. Lord Baltimore, 1
Ves. 453; Earl of Kildare v. Eustace,
1Vern. 439.
(d) Burgess v. Wheate, 1 Ed. 256.
(e) Pawlett v. Attorney-General,
Hard.469.
(f) Noel v. Jevon, Freem. 43.
(g) MS. note by an old hand in the
copy of Croke's Reports in Lincoln's
Inn Library, Cro. Car. 191.
(h) Pawlett v. Attorney-General ,
Hard. 467, per Lord Hale.
(a) Pawlett v. Attorney-General,
Hard. 469.