*328
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
objection on principle,to an investment on long terms of years
at a peppercorn rent, which beneficially are equal to freeholds .
But it remains to be decided whether technically long terms
of years answer the description of real securities (e).
[In a
recent case (f), the late M. R., sitting in the Court ofAppeal,
observed
" I always understood that a leasehold security
was primâ facie an improper investment of trust money, and
that it lay on the trustee to justify it.
It would be justified
if the leaseholds were held at a peppercorn rent for a long
term, without covenants and without impeachment for waste,
a mortgage of which was held by V. C. Shadwell in an unreported case to be a proper security for trust money.
But in
a subsequent case, in which the question did not directly
arise, he expressed his opinion that, as a general rule, long
terms of years do not answer the description of real securities (g) .]
It must not be forgotten that, until recently, where * the mortgagor was seised in fee, a
demise for a long term of years was often thought
the more convenient form of mortgage, in order that the
land and the money might devolve together upon the personal representative of the mortgagee, and it is difficult to
see the distinction between a mortgage for a term of years
by demise and a mortgage for a term of years by assignment (a) .
58.
Leaseholds with onerous covenants.
As to leaseholds
of short duration, and incumbered with covenants and clauses
of forfeiture, without laying down the rule that a trustee
would not be justified under any circumstances in lending
on such a security, he would at least be treading on very
delicate ground, and the onus would lie heavily upon him to
make out the perfect propriety of the investment (b) .
If
211.
(e) Townend v . Townend, 1 Giff.
[(f) Re Chennell, 8 Ch. D. 507.]
[(g) Re Boyd's Settled Estates, 14
Ch. D. 626.]
[(a) Now, by 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41,
s. 65, and 45 & 46 Vict. c. 39, s. 11,
long terms of years at peppercorn
rents may, in the cases provided by
the Acts, be enlarged into a fee simple, and the question discussed in
the text may generally be avoided by
exercising the powers so created.]
(b) See Townend v. Townend, 1
Giff. 201; Wyatt v . Sharratt, 3 Beav.
498 ; Fuller v. Knight, 6 Beav. 209;
[Re Chennell, 8 Ch. D. 492.]
454