CH. V. S. 3.

*58

STATUTES OF WILLS .

stituent part of the ownership as much as the other.
Thus,
if a testator by will duly signed and attested give lands
to A. and his heirs " upon trust," but without specifying the
particular trust intended, and then by a paper, not duly signed
and attested as a will or codicil, declare a trust in favour of
B., the beneficial interest under the will is a part of the original ownership and cannot be passed by the informal paper,
but will descend to the heir-at-law, or if the will be made
since 1837, and contain a residuary devise, will pass to the
residuary devisee. So if a legacy be bequeathed by a will,
duly executed, to A. " upon trust," and the testator,by parol,
express an intention that it shall be held by A. upon trust
for B., such a direction is in fact a testamentary disposition
of the equitable interest in the chattel, and therefore voidby
the statute, which requires a will duly executed.
If it be
said that such expression of intention, though void as a devise
or bequest, may yet be good as a declaration of trust, and
therefore that where the legal estate of a freehold is well
devised, a trust may be engrafted upon it by a simple note in
writing ; and where a chattel personal is well bequeathed, a
trust of it, as excepted from the seventh section of the Statute
of Frauds, may be raised by a mere parol declaration ; the
answer is, that a wide distinction exists between testamentary
dispositions and declarations of trust. The former are ambulatory until the death of the testator, but the latter take effect,
if at all, at the time of the execution.
"A deed," observed,
Mr. Justice Buller, in a similar case, "must take place upon
its execution, or not at all ; it is not necessary for a deed to
convey an immediate interest in possession, but it must take
place as passing the interest to be conveyed at the execution ;
but a will is quite the reverse, and can only operate after
death" (a).
[It seems therefore on principle], that if the
intended disposition be of a testamentary character, and not
to take effect in the testator's lifetime, but to be ambulatory
until his death, such disposition is inoperative unless it be
declared in writing in conformity with the statutory enactments regulating devises and bequests (b) .
(a) Habergham v. Vincent, 2 Ves.
jun. 230.
(b) [See, however, Re Fleetwood,
15 Ch. D. 594; Re Boyes, 26 Ch. D. 79