TRUSTEES OF CHARITIES.

If the application to Parliament under a contemplated Act was not successful, trustees were not allowed the costs and expenses incurred in the proceeding (a); but if the application was attended with success, the trustees were then allowed their costs, though the sanction of the Lord Chancellor had not been previously obtained; for the Court could not with propriety pronounce those measures to be imprudent which the legislature itself had enacted as prudent (b).

24.
Letter may be broken and yet the spirit preserved. The management of the trust may contravene the letter of the founder's will, and yet, on a favourable construction, be conformable to the intention.

Free grammar school.- It was the opinion of Lord Eldon (c) and Sir T. Plumer (d), that if the wish of the founder was to establish a free grammar school, the Chancellor, though he felt perfectly convinced that a free grammar school (that is, a school for teaching the learned languages) could be of little or no use, would yet be bound to apply the revenue as the donor had directed, and could not substitute a school for teaching English and writing and arithmetic. But it has since been held by Lord Lyndhurst (e), Sir John Leach (f), Lord Langdale (g), and Lord Cottenham (h), that the Court has jurisdiction to extend the application of the charity fund to purposes beyond the literal intention, and that writing and arithmetic may be well introduced into a scheme for the establishment or better regulation of a free grammar school.

Free school.- And this may of course be done in the case not of a free grammar school, but of a free school (i).

3 & 4 Vict. c. 77.- By 3 & 4 Vict. c. 77, the system of

(a) Attorney-General v. Earl of Mansfield, 2 Russ. 519, per Lord Eldon.
(b) Ib. per eundem.
(c) Attorney-General v. Whiteley, 11 Ves. 241; Attorney-General v. Earl of Mansfield, 2 Russ. 501.
(d) Attorney-General r. Dean of Christchurch, Jac. 474.
(e) Attorney-General v. Haberdashers' Company, 3 Russ. 530.
(f) Attorney-General v. Dixie, 2 M. & K. 432; Attorney-General v. Gascoigne, Id. 652.
(g) Attorney-General v. Caius College, 2 Keen, 150; Attorney-General v. Ladyman, C. P. Coop. Cases, 1737-8, 180.
(h) Attorney-General v. Stamford, 1 Ph. 745.
(i) Attorney-General v. Jackson, 2 Keen, 541.