*14

[Сн. І.

MERGER.
not issuing out of the land, but as a thing collateral, annexed in
privity to the estate of the land, and to the person touching the
land, for which cestui que trust has no remedy but by subpœna in Chancery " (b) .
1. A confidence.- It is " a confidence " ; not necessarily a confidence expressly * reposed by one party in
another, for it may be raised by implication of law :
and the trustee of the estate need not be actually capable of
confidence for the capacity itself may be supplied by legal
fiction, as where the administration of the trust is committed
to a body corporate ; but a trust is a confidence, as distinguished fromjus in re and jus ad rem, for it is neither a legal
property nor a legal right to property (a).
2. Reposed in some other. - It is a confidence " reposed in
some other " ; not in some other than the author of the trust,
for a person may convert himself into a trustee, but in some
other than the cestui que trust ; for as a man cannot sue a
subpæna against himself, he cannot be said to hold upon trust
for himself (6).
If the legal and equitable interests happen
to meet in the same person, the equitable is for ever absorbed
in the legal.-Thus, if A. be seised of the legal inheritance ex
parte paterna, and of the equitables ex parte materna, upon
the death of A. the heir of the maternal line has no equity
against the heir of the paternal (c).
And the same rule prevails as to leaselords for lives (d) : as if the legal estate in a
freehold lease be vested in a husband and his heirs, in trust
for the wife and her heirs, the child who is the heir of both,
and takes the legal estate ex parte paterna and the equitable
(b) Co. Lit. 272, b. Law and equity
are now administered in all the courts
alike.
(a) Bacon on Uses, 5.
See Wainewright v. Elwell, 1 Mad. 634.
(b) Goodright v. Wells, Dougl.747,
per Lord Mansfield; Conolly v. Conolly, 1 Ir. Rep. Eq. 383, per Christian, L. J.
(c) Selby v. Alston, 3 Ves. 339;
Goodright v . Wells, Dougl. 747, per
Lord Mansfield; Wade v. Paget, 1
В. С. С.
363 ;
S. C. 1 Cox, 76;
Philips v. Brydges, 3 Ves. 126, per
Lord Alvanley; Finch's case, 4 Inst.
85, 3d resolution; Harmood v . Oglander, 8 Ves. 127, per Lord Eldon ;
Conolly v. Conolly, 1 Ir. Rep. Eq. 376.
These cases, except the last, were all
before the Inheritance Act, 3 & 4 W.
4. c. 106; but which will probably be
held not to vary the law.
So now decided Re Douglas, 28 Ch. D. 327.
(d) Creagh v. Blood, 3Jones & Lat.
133.