CH. XVII. S. 1.

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .

*393

charge.
Here the ordinary rules of construction apply,
and " eldest " is taken to mean the eldest actually, and
"younger " to mean the younger actually(a), and the time
for ascertaining who is eldest and who are younger is not
the period of distribution but the period of vesting.
Thus in Adams v. Adams (6) Sir W. Curtis, the father of
Emma Adams, bequeathed 6,000l. to trustees in trust for
Emma Adams for life, and after her decease " in trust for
the children born or to be born of Emma Adams, who not
being an eldest or only son for the time being," should as to
sons attain twenty-one , or as to daughters attain twenty-one
or marry, in equal shares.
Emma Adams died in 1857, and
there were eight children.
Henry William the eldest attained the age of twenty-one in 1826, and died in 1854, in
the lifetime of his mother.
George the second son attained
twenty-one in 1828, and at the death of his mother was the
eldest son.
The question was whether the words " eldest
son " meant eldest at the time of the first portion vesting, or
eldest at the time of its falling into possession ; that is,
whether George was or not entitled to a share.
The M. R.
adopted the principle laid down by Sir T. Plumer, viz ., that
there cannot be two periods, one for ascertaining who compose the class to take, and the other for ascertaining who are
to be excluded (c) ; and that as George was not the eldest
son when he attained twenty-one, he took a vested interest,
and that the interest being once vested there was nothing to
divest it, except to a limited extent by the attainment of
vested interests by the other younger children.
2. Exceptions.
To the general rule that the eldest son in
these cases is to be ascertained not at the time of distribution
but at the time of vesting, there may be exceptions as in
Livesey v . Livesey (d), with reference to which the M. R.
observed, " a testator may say ' I do not intend any child to
take a share unless at the period of distribution he shall ful[(a) Domvile v. Winnington, 26
Ch. D. 382.]
(b) 25 Beav. 652 ; Matthews υ.
Paul, 3 Sw. 328 ; Lyddon v . Ellison,
19 Beav. 565 ; [Domvile v. Winnington, 26 Ch. D. 382; Longfield v . Bantry, 15 L. R. Ir. 101.]
But see Re
Rivers' Settlement, 40 L. J. N. S. Ch.
87.
(c) Matthews v. Paul, 3 Sw. 328 .
(d) 13 Sim. 33 ; 2 H. L. Ca. 419.