*106
[CH. VII . S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
they may thereby acquire a qualification, the deed is unimpeachable (d) .
23. Immoral trusts . - Trusts adverse to the foundation of
all religion and subversive of all morality are, of course, void,
and not enforceable by the Court (e) .
[24. Superstitious purposes.-Trusts for superstitious purposes, as for saying masses or requiems for the souls of the
dead, are void (f) .]
25. Consequences to the settlor of creating a trust with an
unlawful purpose.- Where a trust is created for an unlawful
and fraudulent purpose, the Court will neither enforce the
trust in favour of the parties intended to be benefited, nor
will assist the settlor to recover the estate (g) .
[*106]
* 26.
Property settled with an unlawful purpose
may be recovered by persons claiming under the settlor.-But a distinction was taken by Lord Eldon between a
bill filed by the author of the fraud himself, and by a person
taking through him, but not a party to the fraud (a), and
this distinction is supported by other authority (b). And the
settlor himself may take proceedings for recovering the property, where the illegal trust failed to take effect, so that no
(d) Thornley v. Aspland, 2 С. В.
160; Alexander v. Newman, 2 C. B.
122; May v . May, 33 Beav. 81 ; and
see Childers v. Childers, 3 K. & J. 310 ;
1 De G. & J. 482 ; Ashworth v. Hopper, 1 C. P. D. 178.
14.(e) See Thornton v. Howe, 31 Beav.
[ (f) West v . Shuttleworth, 2 My.
& K. 684; Heath v. Chapman, 2 Dr.
417; Re Blundell's Trusts, 30 Beav.
360; Re Fleetwood, 15 Ch. D. 594 ;
Dorrian v . Gilmore, 15 L. R. Ir. 69;
and see Re Michel's Trusts, 28 Beav .
39.]
Haigh v. Kaye, 7 L. R. Ch . App . 473 ;
Barton v . Muir, 6 L. R. P. C. 134 ; [Re
Great Berlin Steamboat Company,
26 Ch. D. 616.]
In Wilkinson v. Wilkinson, 1 Y. & C. Ch. Ca. 657, the
words " all other the children he might
thereafter have by her," were probably
held to mean legitimate children in
case the settlor married the person
named, who, it is presumed, had died
before the suit.
(a) Muckleston v. Brown, 6 Ves .
(g) Cottington v. Fletcher, 2 Atk.
555;
see Lord Eldon's remarks
in
Muckleston v. Brown, 6 Ves . 68 ; and
see Chaplin v. Chaplin, 3 P. W. 233 ;
Hamilton v . Ball, 2 Ir. Eq. Rep . 191 ;
Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & Jer. 163 ;
Ottley v . Browne, 1 B. & B. 360 ; Davies v. Otty (No. 2), 35 Beav. 208 ;
68.
(6) Matthew v. Hanbury, 2 Vern.
187; Brackenbury v. Brackenbury, 2
J. & W. 391 ; Joy v. Campbell, 1 Sch .
& Lef. 328, see 335, 339 ; Miles v.
Durnford, 2 Mac. & G. 643 ; and see
Phillpotts v. Phillpotts, 10 C. В. 85 ;
Groves v. Groves, 3 Y. & Jer. 163;
Childers v. Childers, 3 K. & J. 310,
1 De G. & Jon. 482.
See a classification of the cases in reference to co144