*340
[CH. XIV. S. 5
LIABILITY OF TRUSTEES
nad neglected his duty, and the demand against him for
interest was consequently disallowed (d) .
7. Formerly the executor might have used the assets .-Formerly it was held that an executor might employ the assets in
his trade, or lend them upon security, and he should not be
called upon to account for the profits or interest (e).
And
such was the case even where money which had been lent
by the testator on good security was called in by the execessor for the express purpose of being re-lent by himself.
For
the executor, it was argued, was not bound to lend the assets,
and if he did so, it was at his peril, and he was answerable
for losses, and if accountable for any loss, he was surely
entitled to any gains (f).
But Lord North overruled the
doctrine in spite of the alleged practice of the Court for the
last twenty years, and the authority of above forty precedents ; and as to the argument, that, if the money should be
lost, the executor would be personally responsible, his Lordship said, it was very well known that a man might insure
his money at the rate of one per cent. (g) .
[*340]
8. At least
where
he was
solvent.-A distinction was
afterwards taken between a solvent and an insolvent executor ;
that the former, as he might suffer a loss, should take the
gain, but, as an executor who was insolvent at the time of
the loan could incur no risk of a loss personally, he should
not be allowed to take to himself any benefit (h) .
*9 . And where the assets used were not specifically
bequeathed. — And Lord Hardwicke drew another distinction; that if an executor had placed out assets that were
specifically bequeathed, he would be made to account for the
interest, but that the Court never directed interest against
an executor who made use in the way of his trade of general
assets come to his hands (a) .
(d) Bruere v. Pemberton, 12 Ves . 386; but see Sutton v. Sharp, 1 Russ. 146; Turner v. Maule, 3 De G. & Sm . 497;
[Evans v. Evans, W. N. 1876,
p. 205.]
(e) Grosvenor v. Cartwright, 2 Ch. Ca. 21; Linch v. Cappy, 2 Ch. Ca. 35;
and see Brown v. Litton, 1 P. W. 140.
(f) See Ratcliff v. Graves, 2 C. Ca. 152.
(g) Ratcliff v. Graves, 1Vern. 196 ;
S. C. 2 Ch . Ca. 152.
(h) Bromfield v. Wytherley, Pr. Ch. 505; Adams v. Gale, 2 Atk. 106.
(4) Child v. Gibson, 2 Atk. 603.
470