*404
[CH. XVII . S. 1.
DUTIES OF TRUSTEES
the written instrument that double portions were intended,
no presumption arises, and therefore parol evidence cannot
be let in to contradict the written instrument (e) .
Where
there is no intrinsic evidence to the contrary the presumption
arises, and then this presumption, like any other, may be
rebutted by extrinsic or parol evidence, and of course counter evidence may be given to support and fortify the original
presumption (f) .
There is no doubt that sometimes this
presumption of law defeats the real intention, but as a general rule it effectuates the intention, and were it not for the
doctrine under consideration, the provisions for families
would often be most unjust, and the farthest from the
[*404]
settlor's actual wishes (g) .
*5. Subjects must be ejusdem generis.-Ademption
and Satisfaction are held to apply only where the
properties which are the subject of the two gifts are ejusdem
generis . A legacy of money will not be adeemed by a subsequent settlement of land; and a covenant to settle specific
lands will not be satisfied by a subsequent settlement of
money (a) .
A bequest of 10,000l. was not adeemed by a
subsequent settlement of a beneficial lease (b), and a legacy
of 500l. was not adeemed by a subsequent gift of stock in
(e) Hall v. Hill, 1 D. R. & W. 94 ;
1 Conn. & Laws . 120, in which all the
previous cases are reviewed.
(f) Such is the result of the numerous authorities.
The principal
cases are Kirk v. Eddowes, 3 Hare,
509; Booker v. Allen, 2 R. & M. 270;
Lloyd v. Harvey, Ib. 310 ; Weall v .
Rice, 2 R. & M. 251 ; Dawson v . Dawson, 4 L R. Eq. 511, per V. C. Wood ;
Trimmer v . Bayne, 7 Ves . 508 ; Rosewell v. Bennet, 3 Atk. 77 ; Powys v .
Mansfield, 3 M. & Cr. 374, 378, per
Lord Cottenham ; Monck v. Lord
Monck, 1 B. & B. 298 ; Hartopp v.
Hartopp, 17 Ves .
184;
Ellison
Cookson, 1 Ves . jun. 100 ; Robinson
v. Whitley, 9 Ves . 577 ; Pole v . Lord
Somers , 6 Ves . 309 ; Wallace v. Pomfret,
11 Ves .
542;
Thellusson v.
Woodford, 4 Mad. 420 ; Bell v. Coleman, 5 Mad . 22; Biggleston v. Grubb,
υ.
2 Atk. 48 ; Hoskins v. Hoskins, Pr.
Ch . 263 ;
Chapman v. Salt, 2 Vern.
646; Shudal v. Jekyll, 2 Atk. 516 ;
Hale v . Acton, 2 Ch. Rep. 35 ; Cooper
v. Cooper, 8 L. R. Ch. App . 819 ; Curtin v. Evans, 9 I. R. Eq. 553 ; [Tussaud v . Tussaud, 9 Ch . D. 363; Re
Pollock, 28 Ch . D. 552.]
(g) Montefiore v. Guedalla, 1 De
G. F. & J. 103, per L. J. Turner .
(a) Bellasis v. Uthwatt, 1 Atk.
428, per Cur.; Bengough v. Walker,
15 Ves. 512, per Cur.; Chichester v.
Coventry, 2 L. R. H. L. 96, per Cur.;
and see Barrett v. Beckford, 1 Ves .
sen . 520; Masters v. Masters, 1 P. W.
423; Cooper v . Cooper, 8 L. R. Ch.
App. 819; [Lewis v. Lewis, 11 I. R.
Eq. 340.]
(b) Grave v. Lord Salisbury, 1
Bro . C. C. 425.