*207
[Сн. ХІ.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TRUST.
but specialties, where the heir was bound, were still made to
take precedent of simple contract debts, and specialties
where the heir was not bound. A subsequent statute (g)
has now abolished the distinction between simple contract
debts and specialty debts, and directed all debts to be paid
pari passu in the administration of estates of testators or
intestates who may have died on or after the 1st of January,
1870.
20. Duties consequent on acceptance.-As soon as a trustee
has accepted the office, he must bear in mind that he is
[*207] not to sleep upon it, but is required to take an * active
part in the execution of the trust.
The law knows
no such person as a passive trustee.
If, therefore, an unprofessional person be associated in the trust with a professional
one, he must not argue, as is often done, that because the
solicitor is better acquainted with business and with legal
technicalities, the administration of the trust may be safely
confided to him, and that the other need not interfere except
by joining in what are called formal acts. If he sign a power
of attorney for sale of stock, or execute a deed of reconveyance on repayment of a mortgage sum, he is as answerable
for the money as if he were himself the solicitor and had
the sole management of the transaction.
21. A trustee on acceptance must inform himself of the state
of the trust.-Again, when a trustee has entered upon the
trust, he is bound at once to acquaint himself with the nature
and particular circumstances of the property, and to take
such steps as may be necessary for the due protection of
it (a) .
Thus he is not liable for the defaults of any predecessor in the trust, but if the fund is in danger and not in
the state in which it ought to be, the Court will presume
him to have made proper inquiries, and will hold him responsible if he does not take such measures as may be called
for (b) .
(g) 32 & 33 Vict. c. 46.
[(a) A trustee who brings an action
for the protection of the trust property
under the advice of counsel, is not
absolutely indemnified by such advice
from liability to the costs of the action
as between himself and his cestuis que
trust, though such advice would go a
long way to justify the proceedings,
if instituted bonâ fide : Stott v. Milne,
25 Ch . D. 710.]
(b) See Taylar v. Millington, 4 Jur.
286