*554
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
[Сн. ХХІІ.
under a settlement beneficially entitled to possession of settled land for his life " (c) ; and " if there are two or more
persons so entitled as tenants in common, or as joint tenants,
or for other concurrent estates or interests, they together
constitute the tenant for life for the purposes of the Act " ;
and a person who is " tenant for life within the foregoing
definition is to be deemed such, notwithstanding that, under
the settlement or otherwise, the settled land, or his estate or
interest therein, is incumbered or charged in any manner or
to any extent" ; and, by sub-sect. (10), possession includes
receipt of income.
6. Persons having powers of tenant for life.-By sect. 58,
sub-sect. (1) , the powers of a tenant for life are given to
each of the following persons, when his estate or interest is
in possession, namely -(1). Atenant in tail, including a tenant in tail who is by
Act of Parliament restrained from barring or defeating his
estate tail, and although the reversion is in the Crown, and
so that the exercise by him of his powers shall bind the
Crown, but not including such a tenant in tail where the
land in respect whereof he is so restrained was purchased
with money provided by Parliament in consideration of public services .
(2) . A tenant in fee simple, with an executory limitation,
gift, or disposition over, on failure of his issue, or in any
other event.
(3). A person entitled to a base fee, although the reversion is in the Crown, and so that the exercise by him of his
powers shall bind the Crown.
(4). A tenant for years determinable on life, not holding
merely under a lease at a rent.
[*554]
*(5). A tenant for the life of another, not holding
merely under a lease at a rent.
(6) . A tenant for his own or any other life, or for years
determinable on life, whose estate is liable to cease in any
event during that life, whether by expiration of the estate,
(c) By sect. 8 of the Settled Land
Act, 1884, the estate of a tenant by
the curtesy is, for the purposes of the
Act of 1882, to be deemed an estate
arising under a settlement made by
his wife.
750