CH. XVII . S. 1.]
FOR RAISING PORTIONS .

*403
compel the parent to give the legacy ; the Court can only
mean a laudable affection which may
exist in others besides a parent " (l) .
3. How persons constituted loco parentis.-By what acts
a person will place himself loco parentis is a question upon
which parol evidence is admissible (m), and is often in practice a question of extreme difficulty (n).
According to Sir
W. Grant, "A person loco parentis is one who assumes the
parental character or discharges parental duties " (o) .
Sir
L. Shadwell said, " The legal sense of the term is that the
party has so acted towards the children, as that he has
thereby imposed upon himself a moral obligation to provide
for them " (p) ; and Lord Eldon speaks of him
*as " a person meaning to put himself loco parentis, [*403]
in the situation of the person described as the lawful
father of the child " (a) ; and Lord Cottenham attached
great force in this description to the word " meaning," as
referring to the intention rather than the act of the party (b),
and added, that the definition was to be considered as applicable not to all the parental offices and duties (for they were
infinitely various) but to such offices and duties as related to
the making provision for a child (c) .
If a person has contributed to the maintenance of a female relative from the
time of her father's death, and has been treated as one whose
consent was necessary upon her marriage, and has taken
upon himself the obligation of making a provision for her
upon marriage, he must under such circumstances be regarded as having placed himself loco parentis (d) .
4. Presumption.-Ademption and Satisfaction are both
Presumptions only—that is, where there is no intrinsic evidence one way or another, the Court presumes that double portions were not meant.
But if the Court collects from

516.(1) Powel v. Cleaver, 2 B. С. С.
(m) Powys v. Mansfield, 6 Sim.
528; 3 M. & Cr. 359.
(n) See Fowkes v. Pascoe, 10 L.
R. Ch. App . 350 .
412.(0) Wetherby v. Dixon, 19 Ves .
367.
(p) Powys v . Mansfield, 6 Sim . 556.
(a) Ex parte Pye, 18 Ves. 154.
(b) Powys v. Mansfield, 3 M. & Cr .
(c) Ib .
(d) Booker v. Allen, 2 R. & M.
270; Pym v . Lockyer, 5 M. & Cr.
29.
549