*426
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.

13. Where the power is left to the discretion of the trustees
the purchaser cannot question the exercise of the discretion.
A testator devised an estate to trustees upon trust to apply
the rents for fifteen years in payment of incumbrances
charged thereon, and if, for any reason whatever, in the
opinion of the trustees a sale should become necessary, " they
were authorised to sell."
The purchaser objected that the
amount of the incumbrances would not justify a sale of the
whole estate, but it was held that the power of sale depended
on the opinion of the trustees, and the fact that they thought
it necessary would be evidenced by the conveyance (b) .

14. A trust to mortgage will not authorise a sale.
- A trust to raise money by mortgage will not authorise a sale,
though the latter may be more beneficial to the estate ; and
the Court itself has no jurisdiction to substitute a sale for a
mortgage (c) .

15. Powers of sale.
- It was held by V. C. Kindersley, that in the absence of any special direction
a mere power to mortgage does not authorise a mortgage with a power of sale,
since how can a trustee who has not in himself even any
power to sell give authority to another to sell (d).
But according to V. C. Malins a direction to trustees to raise
money " by mortgage in such manner as they may think fit,"
authorises a mortgage with a power of sale (e), and according to Lord Romilly, M. R.,
a power to raise money by sale or mortgage justifies a mortgage with a power of sale (f).
There is no doubt a conflict of authority.
If a mortgage
per se does not imply a power of sale, a direction to sell or
mortgage will not carry the matter further, for the trustee
has no power to delegate his authority to sell, and if the
broad general principle be adopted that the power of sale is
an ordinary incident to the mortgage, the logical result would
be that such a direction authorises a mortgage with a power of sale.

M. & G. 645; Page v. Cooper, 16 Beav. 400.
249.
(b) Rendlesham v. Meux, 14 Sim.
(c) Drake v. Whitmore, 5 De G. &
Sm. 619.
18 Beav. 21 ; Leigh v. Lloyd, 2 De G. J. & S. 330; 35 Beav. 455; Re Chawner's Will, 8 L. R. Eq. 569.
(e) Re Chawner's Will, 8 L. R. Eq.
(d) Clarke v. Royal Panopticon, 4 Drew. 26; but see Russell v. Plaice,
569.
(f) Bridges v. Longman, 24 Beav. 27; and see Cook v. Dawson, 29 Beav. 128 .