*598
SPECIAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[CH . XXIII . S. 2 .
trustees applied to the Court, they may be made to bear
them personally (a) .
61.
Duties of executor after institution of suit.-Even after
a decree made the trustee is not absolved from the duties
imposed by his office.
Thus after a decree in an administration suit an executor was held liable for having allowed a
policy of insurance to drop without any sufficient reason (6) .
SECTION II .
THE SPECIAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES.1
Upon this branch of our subject we shall consider, First,
The different kinds of powers ; Secondly, The construction of
powers ; Thirdly, The effect of disclaimer, assignment of the
estate, and survivorship among the trustees ; Fourthly, The
control of the Court over the exercise of powers ;
[and
Fifthly, The restrictions on the powers of trustees imposed
by the Settled Land Acts .]
(a) Attorney-General v. Clack, 1Beav.
(b) Garner " . Moore, 3 Drew.277 .
467; and see Cafe v. Bent, 3 Hare, 249.
1 Special powers .- These must be strictly executed, according to their
terms ; Alley v. Lawrence, 12 Gray, 373 ; Ladd v. Ladd, 8 How. 30 ; a power
of sale may be executed by the surviving trustee, or other person acting in a
fiduciary capacity; Parker v. Sears, 117 Mass. 513 ; Gould v. Mather, 104
Mass. 283 ; Jackson v. Given, 16 Johns. 167 ; Putnam School г. Fisher, 30
Me. 526; Sharp v. Pratt, 15 Wend. 610 ; Hunt v. Rousmaniere, 2 Mason, 244.
There are local statutes controlling in many states, but these may or may not
apply to directory powers ; Mallet v. Smith, 6 Rich. Eq. 22 ; Clay r. Hart, 7
Dana, 1 ; Taylor v. Morris, 1 Const. 341 ; this depending upon whether the
settlor intended to give such an elastic power to particular individuals, or to
any who might chance to hold the office of trustee ; Shelton v. Homer, 5 Met.
462; Lorings v. Marsh, 6 Wall 337 ; Gray v. Henderson, 71 Pa. St. 368 ; Ferre
v. American Board, 53 Vt. 171 ; Alley v. Lawrence, 12 Gray, 373 ; Peterson's
App. 88 Pa. St. 397; Gould r. Mather, 104 Mass. 286.
There may be a power
of sale by implication ; Peter v. Beverly, 10 Pet. 532; Gray v. Henderson, 71
Pa. St. 368 ; Meakings v. Cromwell, 2 Sandf. 512.
If new trustees are appointed, the powers exercised by their predecessors
will not necessarily extend to them; Burdick v. Goddard, 11 R. I. 516 ; but
statutes in some instances provide for this ; Murray v. Dehon, 102 Mass. 11.
Special as well as general powers may be discretionary ; Loring v. Blake,
98 Mass. 253 ; Lyman v. Parsons, 26 Conn. 493.
Courts may interfere to
control the exercise of powers ; Druid Park Heights Co. r. Oettinger, 53 Md.
63; Trustees v. Northampton, 10 Allen, 498 ; and so too if a trustee cannot