INTRODUCTORY VIEW OF THE RISE AND PROGRESS OF TRUSTS.

Origin of trusts.-The origin of trusts, or rather the adaptation of them to the English law, may be traced in part at least to the ingenuity of fraud. By the interposition of a trustee the debtor thought to withdraw his property out of the reach of his creditor, the freeholder to intercept the fruits of tenure from the lord of whom the lands were held, and the body ecclesiastic to evade the restrictions directed against the growing wealth of the church by the statutes of mortmain. Another inducement to the adoption of the new device was the natural anxiety of mankind to acquire that free power of alienation and settlement of their estates, which, by the narrow policy of the common law, they had hitherto been prevented from exercising.

The subpoena.-Originally the only pledge for the due execution of the trust was the faith and integrity of the trustee; but the mere feeling of honour proving, as was likely, when opposed to self-interest, an extremely precarious security, John Waltham, Bishop of Salisbury, who was Lord Keeper in the reign of Richard the Second, originated the writ of subpæna, by which the trustee was liable to be summoned into Chancery, and compellable to answer upon oath the allegations of his cestui que trust. No sooner was this protection extended, than half the lands in the kingdom became vested in feoffees to uses , as trusts were then called.

Thus, in the words of an old counsellor, the *parents of the trust were Fraud and Fear, and a Court of Conscience was the Nurse (a).

(a) Attorney-General v. Sands, Hard. 491.