CH. XIV. S. 4.

INVESTMENT.

*321

invest in the shares of a company, the trustees may not sell out and invest in the shares of a company which requires the shares to be held by a single person.
But if shares in such a company be specifically bequeathed to three trustees, they are justified from the nature of the case in taking the shares in the name of one of themselves (c) .

35. Exchequer bills.-Where monies paid into Court were directed by an Act to be invested in " Three per cent. Consols, or Three per cent. * Reduced, or any Gov- [* 321] ernment securities," the Court refused to allow an investment on Exchequer bills as not within the meaning of the Act (a) ; but where a trustee had engaged to lend a sum upon mortgage, which was authorised by the powers of the will, and instead of leaving the money idle at his bankers', laid it out in Exchequer bills as a temporary investment, and productive of interest with little fluctuation of value during the interval while the mortgage was in preparation, the Court held that such a dealing with the funds was justifiable (b) ; and it has since been ruled that Exchequer bills do fall within the description of Government securities (c) ; and they are now expressly authorised as an investment by 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38, s. 11, and the general order before mentioned.

36. Foreign securities. - Stock of the United States, and even the bonds and debentures of the particular states, come under the description of "foreign funds," but not so the bonds or debentures of municipal towns or railway companies abroad (d).

[And where a power was given to trustees
to invest " upon any of the stocks or funds of the Govern(c) Consterdine v. Consterdine, 31
Beav. 330 ; and see Mendes v. Guedalla, 2 J. & H. 259; [Lewis v. Nobbs,
8 Ch . D. 591.]
(a) Ex parte Chaplin, 3 Y. & C.
397.
(b) Matthews v . Brise, 6 Beav. 239.
But the trustee having left the Exchequer bills in the hands of the broker
for more than a year, and without being earmarked, and the broker having disposed of the Exchequer bills for his own purposes, and become bankrupt, the trustee was, on that ground, made responsible for the value of the bills at the date of the bankruptcy, with four per cent. interest.
(c) Ex parte South Eastern Railway Company, 9 Jur. 650.
(d) Ellis v. Eden, 23 Beav. 543 ;
Re Langdale's Settlement Trust, 10
L. R. Eq. 39 .