CH. XVIII. S. 2.

*467

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .

to follow Robinson v. Lowater, and held the power of sale
to be, according to the report, in the trustees, but which
appears to be a mistake for the executors.
The surviving
trustee had devised the trust estate, and the devisee therefore could not sell, but the surviving trustee was also surviving executor, and appointed the devisee his executor, and in
the character of executor the devisee might be thought to represent the original testator, though it seems the better opinion
that even then the power of sale would not pass to him(c) .
In Wrigley v. Sykes (d), the Master of the Rolls decided
that the executors could contract for the sale of the estate,
but guarded himself by saying that the Court, as far as it
could, would certainly secure to the purchaser a good legal
estate when the conveyance was made.
It is conceived that
Doe v. Hughes was a perfectly sound decision upon the legal
question, but that the executors have an equitable power of
sale, and consequently that the holder of the legal estate is
a trustee for them (e) .
[This power of sale is implied because the executors are appointed by the testator to pay his
debts, but such a power has never been implied in an administrator who is not appointed by the testator, but is the officer
of the Probate Court (f) .]
Lord St. Leonards' Act. -By Lord St. Leonards' Act, 22
& 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 16, as to wills taking effect since 13th
August, 1859, where a testator charges his debts or any legacy or specific sum, and has not devised the estate to a trustee
or trustees , the executor for the time being may sell or
mortgage (g) ; and by the 23d section, the purchaser or
may be held to have notice how the purchaser had got or
was to get the legal estate, whether
from the executor, as having a legal
power, or from the trustee, on the
construction that the legal fee simple
vested in the trustee under the will, or
from the trustee, as having the legal
estate during the life of H. Toulmin,
with the concurrence of H. Toulmin,
ashaving the legal estate inremainder,
so as to extinguish his power of appointing bywill. The case loses much
of its force from the amicable manner
in which the point was submitted to
the Court.
(c) See Sugd. Powers, 129, 8th ed.
(d) 21 Beav . 337 ; and see Colyer
v. Finch, 5 H. L. Cas . 922 ; Cook v .
Dawson, 29 Beav. 123; Greetham v.
Colton, 34 Beav. 615.
[(e) See Tanqueray-Willaume and
Landau, 20 Ch. D. 465.]
[(f) Re Clay and Tetley, 16 Ch.
D. 3. ]
[(g) Where one executor has renounced probate, the acting executors