CH . XXIII . S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .

*575

remainderman that part of the trust funa should be applied to prevent buildings on the settled estates from going to destruction, than that the whole should be laid out in the purchase of other lands (b), yet an extraordinary case
was requisite to create such exception (c).
[But where
trustees having monies in their hands directed to be invested
in lands to be strictly settled, entered into an agreement for
purchase of an estate, but the farm buildings, and cottages
on the property were out of repair, the Court sanctioned the
application of 1000l. out of the monies in their hands in repairing, improving and rebuilding the farm buildings and
cottages (d) .
10. Under Settled Land Act.-Now by the Settled Land
Act, 1882, sect. 26, the tenant for life may, with the approval
of the trustees of the settlement, or the approval of the
Court as the case may require, according as the money to be
expended is in the hands of the trustees or in Court, expend
any capital money arising under the Act in any of the improvements specified in sect. 25, of the Act (e).
And as under sect. 59, an infant entitled in possession
to land is for the purposes of the Act to be deemed tenant
for life thereof, and by sect. 60, the powers of an infant
tenant for life may be exercised on his behalf by the trustees
of the settlement, or if there are none by the nominees of
the Court, all proper improvements may be effected under
the Act, notwithstanding the infancy of the beneficial owner.
11. Generally.- Independently of the powers of the Settled Land Act] a trustee holding an estate for the benefit of
a person absolutely entitled, but incapable from infancy or
otherwise to give directions, may make necessary repairs ,
but he must not go beyond the necessity of the case, as by
ornamental improvements, or the expense will not be allowed (f) .
The trustees of a will were to permit the testa(b) Caldecott v. Brown, 2 Hare,
145, per Sir J. Wigram; and see Re
Barrington's Estates, 1 J. & H. 142.
(c) Dunne v. Dunne, 3 Sm. & G.
22; Dent v. Dent, 30 Beav. 363.
[(d) Lord Cowley v. Wellesley, 46
L. J. N. S. Ch . 869.]
[(e) As to payment out of capital
money for improvements under the
Agricultural Holdings (England) Act,
1883, see s . 29 of the Act, and ante,
p. 563. ]
(f) Bridge v . Brown, 2 Y. & C. C.
C. 181; and see Attorney-General v.
779