CH . XIV. S. 6.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.

*359

(b) But no such distinction has ever yet been made,
and V. C. Kindersley, as we have seen, required a release
because the trust was by parol.

[45. Property falling in after release.
A release of the
executors and the estate of the testator given by a pecuniary
legatee on payment of part of his legacy, on the footing of
the estate being insufficient for payment of the legacies in
full, will not enure for the benefit of the residuary legatee,
if, by reason of additional funds falling in, the estate subsequently becomes sufficient to make a further payment to the
legatees (c) . ]

46.
Release from trustees to trustees.
The trust fund is
not unfrequently transferred from the trustees of an old settlement to the trustees of a new settlement, and the trustees
of the old settlement insist on a general release before they
will part with the fund, while, on the other hand, the trustees of the new settlement feel a reluctance to give more
than a simple receipt.
The requisition of the trustees of the
old settlement has usually been complied with, but perhaps
it could not be enforced (d) .
Of course, the trustees of the
new settlement cannot be called upon to enter into any covenant of indemnity.

47. Expense of the release.-As the party to benefit by
the deed is, in general, the one to prepare it, the release will
be drawn by the solicitor of the trustee .
Another reason
would be that the trustee has the necessary documents in his
possession.
The expense must be paid out of the trust fund.

48. Order of the Court. - When a trustee pays money
under the direction of the Court, he is indemnified by the
order itself, and is not entitled to any release from the parties (e) .
It would be impossible to hold a trustee answerable
(b) Re Wright's Trust, 3 K. & J.
421; and see Re Cater's Trusts, 25
Beav. 366.

[(c) Re Ghost's Trusts, 49 L. T. N.
S. 588. ]
(d) Re Cater's Trusts, 25 Beav.
366.
(e) See Waller v . Barrett, 24Beav.
413; Gillespie v. Alexander, 3 Russ .
137; Underwood v. Hatton, 5 Beav.
39; Farrell v. Smith, 2 B. & Β. 337 ;
Fletcher v. Stevenson, 3 Hare, 370 ;
Knatchbull v. Fearnhead, 3 M. & Cr.
126; David v. Frowd, 1 Μ. & Κ. 209 ;
Sawyer v . Birchmore, 1 Keen, 401 ;
Smith v . Smith, 1 Dr. & Sm . 384 ; Bennett v . Lytton, 2 J. & H. 155 ; Williams v. Headland, 4 Giff. 495; Eng495