CH. XXIII . S. 1.

GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .

*582

testator's real estate to raise monies which were applied for
the purposes of the business was held to be within their
powers.¹]

21. Breaking up the testator's establishment. -An executor
is allowed a reasonable time for breaking up the testator's
establishment, and a period of two months in one case was
considered not to be excessive (d).

Executors, as a general
rule, do not pay legacies until the expiration of one year
from the testator's death ; but this is a rule of convenience ;
and, therefore, if the assets be clearly sufficient for payment
of debts and legacies, there is nothing to prevent the executors from discharging the legacies before the expiration of
the year (e) .

22. Appropriation.- An executor may appropriate a legacy without the necessity of a suit, where the appropriation
is such as the Court itself would have directed (f) .

23. Maintenance.
A trustee may expend sums of money
for the protection and safety, or support, of a cestui que trust
who is incapable of taking care of himself, but the more
prudent course is to apply to the Court (g) .

* 24. Out of interest.- If a legacy be left to an [*582]
infant, and the Court, upon application, would, from
the inability of the parent to support his child, order maintenance out of the interest, the trustee, should he make advances for that purpose without suit, would be allowed them
in his account (a) . In the case of Andrews v. Partington (b) ,
Lord Thurlow refused to indemnify the trustee ; but the
authority of that decision has been repeatedly denied, and
may be considered as overruled (c).
And the maintenance
(d) Field v. Peckett (No. 3), 29
Beav . 576 .

(e) Angerstein v. Martin, 1 T. &
R. 241, per Lord Eldon; Pearson v.
Pearson, 1 Sch. & Lef. 12, per Lord
Redesdale ; and see Garthshore v.
Chalie, 10 Ves . 13.

(f) Hutcheson v . Hammond, 3 B.
C.
C. 128,
see 145, 148;
and see
Cooper v. Douglas, 2 B. C. С. 231.

(g) Duncombe v. Nelson, 9 Beav.
211; and see Chester v . Rolfe, 4 De
G. M. & G. 798, and cases there cited.

(a) Sisson v. Shaw, 9 Ves . 285 ;
Prince v. Hine, 26 Beav. 634.

(b) 3 В. С. С. 60.

(c) See Sisson v. Shaw, 9 Ves . 288 ;
Maberly v . Turton, 14 Ves . 499 ; Lee
v. Brown , 4 Ves. 369 ; Ex parte Darlington, 1 B. & B. 241 ; Cotham v.
West, 1 Beav. 381 .

1Re Dimmock, 52 L. T. N. S. 494.
787