[*209]
* CHAPTER XII .
OF THE LEGAL ESTATE IN THE TRUSTEE.
UPON this subject we propose to treat, First. Of vesting
the legal estate in the trustee ; Secondly. Of the properties
and devolution of the legal estate ; and Thirdly. What persons taking the legal estate will be bound by the trust.

SECTION I.
OF VESTING THE LEGAL ESTATE IN THE TRUSTEE .
I. With reference to the Statute of Uses.1

1. Statute of uses.-In the case of a simple trust, as the
statute of 27 Henry the Eighth operates upon the first use,
whether designated in the instrument as a use or trust, if a
conveyance or devise be to A. and his heirs " in trust " for B.
and his heirs, the possession will be executed in B. (a) ; and

(a) As in Austen v. Taylor, 1 Eden,
361 ; Robinson v. Grey, 9 East, 1 ;
Williams v. Waters,14M. & W. 166,
&c.
See Broughton v. Langley, 2
Salk. 679; Chapman v. Blissett, Cas .
t. Talb. 150.

1 Statute of Uses .- Even where direct words of trust are used, it maybe
that the trustee will receive no title, the statute causing both the equitable
and legal title to vest immediately in the cestui que trust; Witham v. Brooner,
63 Ill. 344 ; Thatcher v . Omans, 3 Pick. 521 ; Upham v. Varney, 15 Ν. Η. 466;
Bayer v. Cockerill, 3 Kan. 282 ; Parks v. Parks, 9 Paige, 107 ; Ramsay v.
Marsh, 2 McCord, 252 ; Jackson v. Fish, 10 Johns . 456; Moore v . Shultz, 13
Pa . St. 98; the intervening estate being immediately terminated ; Hutchins v.
Heywood, 50 N. H. 495: the statute is in force in most of the states ; for its
history in America, see 4 Kent Com. 299 ; 2 Wash. Real Prop. 152.
See also
the statutes of the various states; and their practical application may be
followed through numerous decisions ; Marden v. Chase, 32 Me. 329 ; Dennett
v. Dennett, 40 N. H. 498; Sherman v. Dodge, 28 Vt. 26; Baptist Soc. v.
Hazen, 100 Mass . 322 ; Johnson v. Johnson, 7 Allen, 197; Nightingale v.
Hidden, 7 R. I. 132 ; Bryan v. Bradley, 16 Conn . 474 ; Jackson v. Cary, 16
Johns . 302 ; Prince v. Sisson, 13 N. J. Eq. 168 ; Deibert's App. 78 Pa. St. 296 ;
Earp's App . 75 Pa. St. 119; Matthews v. Ward, 10 Gill. & J. 443; Bass v.
Scott, 2 Leigh. 359; Smith v. Lookabill, 76 N. C. 465; Ramsay v. Marsh, 2