*423
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE .
period, but before any confirmation by the Court, to determine the contract.
2. Must consult the interest of the cestuis que trust.-A
trustee for sale will remember that he is bound by his office
to sell the estate under every possible advantage to his cestuis que trust (a), and in the case of several successive cestuis
que trust, with a fair and impartial attention to the interests
of all the parties concerned(b).
If trustees, or those who
act by their authority, fail in reasonable diligence in inviting
competition (c), or in the management of the sale (as if they
contract under circumstances of haste and improvidence, or
contrive to advance the interests of one party at the expense
of another), they will be personally responsible for the loss
to the suffering party (d) ; and the Court, however correct
the conduct of the purchaser, will refuse at his instance to
compel the specific performance of the agreement (e).
But
if a trustee has once contracted to sell bonâ fide, a court of
equity will not allow the contract to be invalidated because
another person comes forward and is willing to give a higher
price (f) ; and where there are two offers equally advantageous, one of which is preferred by a cestui que trust, it is
not the duty of the trustees against their own opinion to
accept the offer preferred by such cestui que trust (g).
3.
Where sale is a breach of trust. - In no case will the
Court enforce the specific performance of a contract which
amounts to a breach of trust (h) .
(a) Downes v. Grazebrook, 3 Mer .
208, per Lord Eldon; and see Matthie
v. Edwards, 2 Coll. 480.
(b) Ord v. Noel, 5 Mad. 440, per
Sir J. Leach; and see Anon. case, 6
Mad. 11.
(c) Ord v. Noel, 5 Mad. 440, per
Sir J. Leach; and
see Harper v .
Hayes, 2 Giff . 217.
550.(d) See Pechel v. Fowler, 2 Anst.
(e) Ord v. Noel, 5 Mad. 440, per
Sir J. Leach ; Turner v . Harvey, Jac .
178, per Lord Eldon ; Bridger v. Rice,
1 J. & W. 74; Mortlock v. Buller, 10
Ves. 292; and see Hill v. Buckley, 17
Ves . 394; White v. Cuddon, 8 Cl .
& Fin. 766.
(f) Harper v. Hayes , 2 Giff . 210,
reversed 2 De G. F. & J. 542.
(g) Selby v. Bowie, 4 Giff. 300.
(h) Wood v. Richardson, 4 Beav.
176, per Lord Langdale ; Fuller v.
Knight, 6 Beav. 205 ; Thompson v.
Blackstone, 6 Beav. 470 ; Sneesby v.
Thorne, 7 De G. M. & G. 399; Mucholland v. Belfast, 9 Ir. Ch. Rep.
204; Saunders v. Mackeson, W. N.
1866, p. 400 ; [Oceanic Steam Navigator Company v. Sutherberry, 16
Ch . D. 236 ; Dunn v. Flood, 25 Ch
D. 629; 28 Ch. Div. 586.]