Secondly, Where a purchaser of property takes a conveyance
of the legal estate in the name of a third person, but there
is nothing to indicate an intention of not appropriating to
himself the beneficial interest, a trust results to one paying
the purchase-money by way of a loan; Whaley v. Whaley,
71 Ala. 159; Gibson v. Foote, 40 Miss. 788 ; White v.
Carpenter, 2 Paige, 217 ; otherwise if one taking the title
should pay the money entirely for the credit of another;
Stucky v. Stucky, 30 N. J. Eq. 546 ; Fleming v. McHale,
47 Ill. 282.

Advancements .
When a purchase is made by one who is legally and morally
bound to support the one to whom the title is taken, no trust
results, and there is a presumption that the conveyance was
a gift or advancement to the nominal purchaser, as a
purchase by a husband in the name of his wife; Whitten v.
Whitten, 3 Cush. 194 ; Creswell v. Jones, 68 Ala. 420 ; Bennett v.
Camp, 54 Vt. 36; Spring v. Hight, 22 Me. 408 ; Fatheree v.
Fletcher, 31 Miss. 265; Guthrie v. Gardner, 19 Wend. 414;
Maxwell v. Maxwell, 109 Ill. 588 ; see also Mosely v. Mosely,
87 N. C. 69 ; Meredith v. Bank, 92 Ind. 343; a father in the
name of his son unprovided for; Ford v. Ellingwood, 3 Met.
Ky. 359 ; Stanley v. Brannon, 6 Blakf. 195; Dudley v. Bosworth,
10 Humph. 12 ; 51 Am. Dec. 690; Douglass v. Brice, 4 Rich.
Eq. 322 ; Wheeler v. Kidder, 105 Pa. St. 270; James v. James,
41 Ark. 301; McGinnis v. Edgell, 39 Ia. 419 ; Read v. Huff,
40 N. J. Eq. 229 ; Harden v. Darwin, 66 Ala. 55; Buren v.
Buren, 79 Mo. 538; in the name of daughter; Eastham v.
Roundtree, 56 Tex. 110; Murphy v. Nathans, 46 Pa. St. 508 ;
or adopted daughter; Astreen v. Flanagan, 3 Edw. Ch.279;
likewise if purchase is made in the name of wife and others;
Stevens v. Stevens, 70 Me. 92 ; Cormerais v. Wesselhoeft,
114 Mass. 550; Seibold v. Christman, 75 Mo. 308; Jencks
v. Alexander, 11 Paige, 619 ; Johnson v. Johnson, 16 Minn.
512; also if the one paying the consideration stands in loco
parentis to the nominal purchaser, as father and son-in-law;
Baker v. Leathers, 3 Ind. 558 ; Thompson v. Thompson,
18 Ohio St. 73 ; father and illegitimate son; Beckford v.
Beckford, Loft, 490 ; brother and sister; Higdon v. Higdon,
57 Miss. 264; uncle and nephew; Jackson v. Feller, 2 Wend.
465 ; husband and wife's nephew; Currant v. Jago, 1 Coll.
261 ; but the rule does not apply to more distant relatives;
Tucker v. Burrow, 2 Hem. & M. 515; Powys v. Mansfield,
3 Myl. & Cr. 359 ; one claiming an advancement must prove
it; Kluender v. Fenske, 53 Wis. 118; this presumption of
an advancement may be rebutted by evidence showing the
intent of the real purchaser to secure a trust for himself;
Shepherd v. White, 10 Tex. 72 ; Cotton v. Wood, 25 Iowa,
43; Jackson v. Matsdorf, 11 Johns. 96 ; 6 Am. Dec. 355 ;
Proseus v. McIntyre, 5 Barb. 432 ; Hodgson v. Macy, 8 Ind.
121 ; Butler v. M. Ins. Co. 14 Ala. 788 ; Reed v. Huff, 40 N.
J. Eq. 229; Seibold v. Christman, 75 Mo. 308 .

Conveyance of legal title only.-In this case the equitable
title will result to the settlor, his heirs, executors, or
administrators ; Hogan v. Strayhorn, 65 N. C. 279; Barnes v.
Taylor, 27 N. J. Eq. 265 ; Tipton v. Powell, 2 Cold. 19 ;
Gibson v. Armstrong, 7 B. Mon. 481.

Trust as to part only.-Where by will a trust is declared in
a part only of an estate, or the purposes of the trust do not
exhaust the beneficial interest, a trust in the remainder will
result to the grantor, his heirs or representatives ; 2 Story Eq.
Jur. § 1199; 1 Perry on Trusts, § 152 ; Loring v. Eliot, 16 Gray,
568; Kennedy v. Nunan, 52 Cal. 326 ; Hogan v. Jaques,
19 N. J. Eq. 123 ; McCollister v. Willey, 52 Ind. 382.