CH. XVIII . S. 1.

*427
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
be that a power of mortgaging alone authorises a mortgage
with a power of sale.
Of course where the Court
has jurisdiction to raise money * out of an estate, as [*427]
for payment of debts, it may either direct a sale, or a
mortgage with a power of sale (a), and an executor is, for
the purposes of paying debts, regarded as the absolute owner,
and may therefore either sell or mortgage or give a mortgage
with a power of sale (b).
[Since the Conveyancing and Law
of Property Act, 1881, under which mortgagees, where the
mortgage is made by deed, have by virtue of the Act a
power of sale vested in them, the point has become practically unimportant; but it is conceived that, as by the 66th
section of the Act, a power of sale in the form contained in
the Act is in effect declared to be a proper power to be contained in a mortgage deed, it cannot be contended that a
power to mortgage does not now authorise the insertion of
a power of sale in the mortgage deed.]
16. Sale of equity of redemption.-If an equity of redemption be vested in trustees for sale with a direction to
apply the proceeds in discharge of the mortgage and pay the
balance to the settlor, the trustees, notwithstanding the
direction to discharge the mortgage, may sell subject to it (c) .
17. A power of sale will not authorise a partition. -A
power to trustees to sell will not authorise a partition, and it
was long considered doubtful whether a power to sell and
exchange would do so (d), [but it has recently been decided
that under the usual power of sale or exchange a partition
can be effected (e), and this decision is not likely to be disturbed.
18. Effect of usual power of sale in settlements.
Prior to
the Settled LandAct, 1882,] in settlements of real estates a
power of sale was usually given to trustees, to be exercised
(a) Selby v . Cooling, 23 Beav. 418.
(b) Cruikshank v. Duffin, 13 L. R.
Eq. 555 ; and see Earl Vane v. Rigden, 5 L. R. Ch. App. 663.
(c) Manser v. Dix, 8 De G. M. &
G. 703.
(d) [M'Queen v. Farquhar, 11 Ves .
467; Attorney-General v. Hamilton,
1 Madd. 214] ; Brassey v. Chalmers,
16 Beav. 223 ; 4 De G. M. & G. 528 ;
Bradshaw v. Fane, 2 Jur. N. S. 247;
3 Drew. 534.
(e) [In re Frith and Osborne, 3
Ch. D. 618, and see Doe v. Spencer, 2
Exch . 752; Abel v. Heathcote, 4Bro.
C. C. 278 ; 2 Ves. 98.
583