*609
[CH. XXIII . S. 2.
ASSIGNMENT OF POWERS .
[2. 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 33.-By a recent enactment
every trustee appointed by any Court of competent jurisdiction has as well before as after the trust property becomes
by law, or by assurance, or otherwise, vested in him, the
same powers, authorities, and discretions, and may in all respects act as if he had been originally nominated a trustee
by the instrument creating the trust; and this enactment
applies to appointments made either before or after the commencement of the Act (e) .]
3. Release with intention of disclaiming.-We have seen
that if one trustee disclaims in the strict sense of the word,
the power will not be extinguished, but will survive to the
co-trustee ; but, according to the old doctrine, if a trustee
instead of disclaiming had assigned the estate, that was a virtual acceptance of the trust, and then the conveyance of the
retiring trustee did not pass the power into the hands of the
continuing trustee (f) ; but at the present day it seems a
release with the intention of disclaimer would have all the
operation of a formal and actual disclaimer (g) .
4. Whether the power will remain in the trustee after alienation of the estate.
Though an assignment of the estate will
not carry the power to the assignee, it does not follow that the power will remain in the * assignor, so
as to be transmissible to his representative ; for
where it was the settlor's intention that the estate and power
should be coupled together, the trustee, by severing the union
through the alienation of the estate, may intercept the execution of the power by the representative.
Thus [where,
prior to the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881,
an estate was] limited to A. and his heirs upon a trust to be
executed by A. and his heirs, and A. in his lifetime conveyed
away the estate, or devised it by his will, it was held that the
heir of A. could not execute the power (a) ; for the heir was
[(e) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 33.
This section takes the place of the
corresponding section in Lord Cranworth's Act, 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145, s .
27, which was repealed by 44 & 45
Vict. c. 41.]
(f) Doyley v. Attorney-General,
2 Eq. Ca. Ab. 194; Crewe v. Dicken,
4Ves . 97 .
(g) Supra, p. 196.
(a) Wilson v. Bennett, 5 De G. &
Sm. 475; and see Re Burtt's Estate,
1 Drew. 319.