*515
[Сн. ХХ. S. 2.
CREDITORS' DEEDS REVOCABLE.
A creditors' deed must forbear to act, or their proceedings
may be overridden by a subsequent adjudication of bankruptcy.
However, the trustees may begin the exercise of
their office at an earlier day if they can only satisfy themselves either that all the creditors have concurred or acquiesced in the deed, or that such as have not cannot either
collectively or individually prove a debt or debts in the
requisite amount to support an adjudication of bankruptcy.
Now that the distinction between traders and non-traders
has substantially been abolished, what before was a fraudulent conveyance as to traders only, will be a fraudulent conveyance as to non-traders also (d) .
[*515]
* SECTION
II.
WHAT CREDITORS' DEEDS ARE REVOCABLE .
1. Irrevocable trusts.-The existence of a debt is always
a sufficient consideration to support an assurance as valid
and irrevocable as against the grantor (a) ; indeed the assurance will almost always assume the form either of a conveyance in satisfaction or part satisfaction of the debt (in which
case, the extinction or partial extinction of the debt forms
the consideration), or of a security accompanied with a forbearance to sue (b).
Thus if A be indebted to B., and convey an estate to him by way of security, the deed, though
no money passed at the time, and there was no previous
arrangement, cannot be revoked by A., but B. may insist on
the benefit of it (c). And if the creditor be not a party to
302.(d) In re Wood, 7 L. R. Ch . App .
(a) See Rice v . Rice, 2 Drew. 84.
But a conveyance by way of security
from a debtor to his creditor, where
there is no pressure, may be a fraudulent preference within the meaning
of the Bankruptcy Acts; Goodricke
v . Taylor, 2 H. & M. 380 ; and, if the
debtor's whole property be included,
an act of bankruptcy ;
Ex parte
Trevor, 1 Ch . D. 297 ; [and see 46 &
47 Vict. c. 52, s. 48.]
(b) It has been suggested, however,
that a mere agreement to give a mortgage for a bygone debt, unaccompanied by any express stipulation as
to forbearance, cannot be enforced.
See Crofts v . Feuge, 4 Ir. Ch. Rep.
316 ; Woodroffe v. Johnson, 4 Ir. Ch.
Rep. 319.
(c) Siggers v. Evans, 5 Ell . & Bl.
367 ; Montefiore v . Browne, 7 H. L.
Cas . 241; Morris v. Venables, 15 W.
R. 2 .
698