CH. XVIII . S. 2.

*464

TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.

probably be held that the trustee, without the concurrence of the executor, can give a good title (b) .

Lord St. Leonards' Act.
By Lord St. Leonards' Act (22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 14) where by a will coming into operation after 13th August, 1859, a testator charges [*464]
real estate with the payment of debts, or any specific
legacy or sum, and devises the estate so charged to trustees
for the whole of his estate or interest, and makes no express
provision for raising the debts, legacy, or sum, the devises in
trust may sell or mortgage ; and by s. 15, the power is continued to all persons taking the estate so charged by survivorship, descent, or devise ; and by s. 17, purchasers and mortgagees are not bound to inquire whether such powers " have
been duly and correctly exercised by the person or persons
acting in virtue thereof."

Where debts are charged, of
course a purchaser or mortgagee under these powers is not
bound to see to the application of his money, and where a
specific legacy or sum is charged, if the above enactments do
not per se confer a power of signing receipts, the purchaser
or mortgagee is exempted from seeing to the application by
the 23d section of the same Act (a) .

The 18th section declares that the Act shall " not
extend to a devise to any person or persons in fee or in
tail, or for the testator's whole estate and interest, charged
with debts or legacies, nor shall it affect the power of
any such devisee or devisees to sell or mortgage as he or
they may by law now do ."

To make this section consistent
with the 14th, the " devise " referred to in the 18th section must mean a beneficial devise, and " devisee or devisees " a beneficial devisee or devisees , and the inference
would seem to be that, in the view of the framer of the
Act, no legislative assistance was needed in the case of a
beneficial devise subject to a charge.

Indeed the concluding words of the section seem almost tantamount to a
declaration of the legislature that beneficial devisees sub(b) The recent case of Hodkinson
v. Quinn, 1 J. & H. 303, when closely
considered, will be found to afford
little aid towards solving this question; and see Cook v . Dawson, 29
Beav. 126 ; 3 De G. F. & J. 127.
[(a) See also 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41,
8. 36.]