CH. VI.

*76
VOLUNTARY SETTLEMENTS .

obtain *an injunction against the sale, though the
[*76]
settlement was founded on meritorious
consideration, as a provision for a wife or child (a), nor follow the
estate into the hands of the purchaser (b), nor charge him
with misapplication of the purchase-money, if, with notice
of the voluntary settlement, he paid it to the vendor (c), nor
can come upon the settlor himself to compensate the cestui
que trust for the loss (d).
However, the settlement must
be purely voluntary, and not founded on valuable consideration at all (for the Court does not look at the quantum
of consideration) (e) ; and where the settlement is purely
voluntary the trust will be executed by the Court until the
estate is actually sold (f) ; and the author of the settlement,
leaseholds by assignment was not
voluntary, although the deed
contained no covenant by the trustees to
pay the rent or perform the covenants
of the lease under which the premises
were held, on the ground that the
trustees came under a responsibility
for payment of rent and performance
of the covenants, which might be such
a responsibility, that a lessee might
be actually willing to pay money to
get rid of.
This case arose under 27
Eliz. cap. 5 ; but the doctrine laid
down in it has no application to cases
arising under 13 Eliz. cap. 5 ; Re Ridler, 22 Ch. D. 74; and see Ex parte
Hillman, 10 Ch. D. 622 ; Re Marsh
and Earl Granville, 24 Ch. D. 11. The
Irish case of Gardiner v. Gardiner, 12
Ir. C. L. R. 565, in which it was held
that even a covenant by the assignee of
a leasehold interest to indemnify the
lessee against the rent and covenants
in the lease was not necessarily such
a valuable consideration as to take the
case out of the Statute of Fraudulent
Conveyances, 10 Car. 1, S. 2, c. 3, was
not noted in Price v. Jenkins, and the
question whether the principle of Gardiner v. Gardiner or Price v. Jenkins
was to prevail, was treated as an open
one in Ireland in Hamilton v. Molloy,
5 L. R. Ir. 339 ; and in a subsequent
case in the Irish Court of Appeal,
Price v. Jenkins has been dissented
from, and Gardiner v. Gardiner followed; see Lee v. Mathews, 6 L. R.
Ir. 530, overruling S.C. 6 L. R. Ir.
167; and see Re Lulham, 53 L. J. N.
S. Ch. 928 ; 32 W. R. 1013, in which
case Kay, J. followed Price v. Jenkins
against his own opinion.

(a) Pulvertoft v. Pulvertoft, 18
Ves. 84.
(b) Williamson v. Codrington, 1 Ves. 516, per Lord Hardwicke.
(c) Evelyn v. Templar, 2 B. C. C. 148; and see Pulvertoft v. Pulvertoft,
18 Ves. 91, 93 ; Buckle v. Mitchell, 18
Ves. 112; but compare Leach v. Dean,
1 Ch. Rep. 146, with Pulvertoft v. Pulvertoft, 18 Ves. 91; and see 18 Ves.
92, note (b) , and Townend v. Toker,
1 L. R. Ch. App. 447.
(d) Williamson v. Codrington, 1 Ves. 516, per Lord Hardwicke ; but
see Leach v. Dean, 1 Ch. Rep. 146 ;
S.C. cited Pulvertoft v. Pulvertoft,
18 Ves. 91.
(e) Townend v. Toker, 1 L. R. Ch. App. 447; Bagspoole v. Collins, 6 L.
R. Ch. App. 228 ; [Shurmur v. Sedgwick, 24 Ch. Div. 597 ; see Paget v.
Paget, 9 L. R. Ir. 128 ; Reversed, 11
L. R. Ir. 26.]
(f) Pulvertoft v. Pulvertoft, 18 Ves. 94.