*326
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
1
[*326]
*50. Existing mortgages.-Where trustees and executors are empowered by will to lay out money upon
real securities , they are authorised in continuing it upon existing mortgages (a); but the trustees should first satisfy themselves as to the sufficiency of the security.
[51. Where trustees are authorised to " continue to hold"
special investments, the power must, primâ facie, be held to
apply to those trusts which are continuous, and the trustees
may appropriate to a special continuous trust any of the
investments which the settlor has authorised to be held (b) .]
52. Fowler v. Reynal.- If trustees have a power of lending to three on a mortgage of their joint interest in a particular property, they cannot lend to two of them.
Neither can
the trustees lend to the three without taking any security at
the time, though after an interval of two years they succeed in obtaining the security.
It is no excuse to say that
the delay in taking the security did not occasion the loss.
The
answer is, that the terms of the power were not complied
with (c) .
53. Road bonds.-Road bonds, or mortgages of tolls and
toll-houses, are real securities, though they may not be eligible real securities ; and where a testator, having road bonds,
empowered his executor to leave any part of his assets on
existing " real securities," it was held that they were not
bound to call in the road bonds, but might exercise a discretion.
The Court, however, gave no opinion whether the
executor would have been justified in lending trust money on
road bonds as an original investment (d) .
54. Railway mortgages .- It has since been determined,
that a power to lend on real securities does not authorise a
loan upon railway mortgages (e) , and à fortiori a power to
invest " upon the security by way of mortgage of any
freehold, copyhold, or leasehold hereditaments," does not
authorise such an investment.
108; Crosskill v. Bower, 32 Beav. 86 ;
Fletcher v. Green, 33 Beav. 426.
(a) Angerstein v. Martin, T. & R.
239; Ames
v. Parkinson, 7 Beav.
379.
[(b) Fraser v . Murdoch, 6 App .
Cas . 855.]
(c) Flower v. Reynal, 3 Mac. & G.
500; 2 De G. & Sm. 749.
(d) Robinson v. Robinson, 1 De G.
M. & G. 247; [Cavendish v. Cavendish, 24 Ch . D. 685. ]
(e) Mant v. Leith, 15 Beav. 525 ;
Harris v. Harris (No. 1), 29 Beav. 107.
452