CH. XVIII. S. 3.

*484

PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .

to which the cestui que trust is entitled ; Thirdly, The time
within which the cestui que trust must apply to the Court.
Neither may the trustee receive a gift from the cestui que trust ; Wright v.
Smith, 23 N. J. Eq. 106 ; Renew v. Butler, 30 Ga. 954 ; Smith v. Drake, 23
N. J. Eq. 302; Cadwalader's App. 64 Pa. St. 293 .

These principles are not to be received without some modification.
If, on
careful examination, it clearly and plainly appears that the transaction is
favorable to the cestui que trust, that there is no fraud or concealment of
material facts and that a strict investigation can discern no fault in the
trustee in the management of the trust sale, the trustee may hold even though
he purchases at his own sale ; Brown v. Cowell, 116 Mass.465 ; Dunn v. Dunn,
42 N. J. Eq. 431 ; Pratt v . Thornton, 28 Me. 355 ; Lyon v . Lyon, 8 Ired. Eq.
201; Johnson v. Bennett, 39 Barb. 237; Jennison v. Hapgood, 7 Pick. 1; McCartney v. Calhoun, 17 Ala. 301 ; Rice v. Cleghorn, 21 Ind. 80.

Such purchases by the trustee are not void, but voidable only; Ives v.
Ashley, 97 Mass. 198; Dodge v. Stevens, 94 N. Y. 209 ; Davoue v . Fanning,
2 Johns . Ch. 252; Torrey v. Bank of Orleans, 9 Paige, 649; Graves v. Waterman, 63 N. Y. 657; Mercer v. Newsom, 23 Ga. 151 ; Hoitt v. Webb, 36 N. H.
158; Van Epps v. Van Epps, 9 Paige, 237 .

To sustain such a sale the purchaser must show the straightforwardness of
the transaction, the burden of proof resting on him ; M'Cants v. Bee, 1
McCord's Ch . 383 ; 16 Am. Dec. 610 ; Pairo v. Vickery, 37 Md. 467 ; Mackey
v . Coates , 70 Pa. St. 350; Jamison v. Glascock, 29 Mo. 191 ; Robbins v. Butler,
24 Ill. 387.

The utmost good faith is required to sustain such a sale ; Juzan
v . Toulmin, 9 Ala. 662; 44 Am. Dec. 448; any profit obtained by trustee in
purchasing accrues to the trust estate; Brackenridge v. Holland, 2 Blackford,
377; 20 Am . Dec. 123; if the cestui que trust objects, the trustee may not
purchase; Chorpening's App. 32 Pa. St. 315 ; 72 Am. Dec. 789; a trustee
should not purchase while a fiduciary relation exists; Pratt v. Thornton, 28
Me. 355; 48 Am. Dec. 492; Wormley v. Wormley, 8 Wheat. 421; he should
first divest himself of his fiduciary character; Murdock's Case, 2 Bland's
Ch. 461 ; 20 Am. Dec. 381. A purchase by a trustee can be questioned only
by the cestui que trust; Wilson v. Troup, 2 Cow. 195; 14 Am. Dec. 458 ;
Larco v. Casaneuava, 30 Cal. 560 ; Thorp v. McCullum, 1 Gilm. 614; Davoue
v. Fanning, 2 Johns . Ch. 252 ; Newcomb v. Brooks, 16 W. Va. 32. An administrator is so far a trustee that he should not purchase at his own sale ;
Martin v . Wyncoop, 12 Ind. 266; 74 Am. Dec. 209 ; Mulford v. Minch, 3
Stock Ch . 16; Murchison v . White, 54 Tex. 85; Boyd v. Blankman, 29 Cal .
19; Gardner v. Butler, 30 N. J. Eq. 725; Morgan v. Wattles, 69 Ind. 263.

Avery slight advantage to the trustee, or showing of his bad faith, is sufficient for setting the sale aside ; Buell v. Buckingham, 16 Ia. 284; 85 Am.
Dec. 516; Herbert v. Hanrick, 16 Ala. 581 ; Hannah v. Carrington, 18 Ark.
85.

A trustee may not acquire an outstanding title to trust property for his
own benefit; Morrison v. Caldwell, 5 T. B. Mon. 426 ; 17Am. Dec. 84 ; whether
he be trustee, mortgagee, life tenant or purchaser otherwise ; Morgan v.
Boone, 4 T. B. Mon. 291 ; 16 Am. Dec. 153.

If a trustee purchases a mortgage
or a judgment at a discount he cannot claim the benefit; Green v. Winter, 1
Johns . Ch . 27 ; 7 Am. Dec. 475.

An executor may not purchase for himself ;
Bailey v. Robinsons,1 Gratt. 4; 42 Am. Dec. 540.

That a person holding a
fiduciary relation may not purchase does not apply to any particular class of
persons, but it is of universal application; cases of pledgor and pledgee come