CH . XIV . S. 1.

GETTING IN THE TRUST ESTATE .
*288

2. Chose en action.-If the trust fund be a chose en action,
as a debt, which may be reduced into possession, it is the
trustee's duty to be active in getting it in ; and any unnecessary delay in this respect will be at his own personal
risk (b) . A marriage settlement often contains a
*covenant by one of the parties for payment of [*288]
a certain sum to the trustees within a limited period,
and if the Statute of Limitations be allowed to run so that
the claim is barred, the trustees are answerable (a) ; and
à fortiori the trustees will be responsible if they execute the
settlement and sign a receipt for the money but do not
actually receive it (b) .
Prepayment.
Though trustees may be answerable for delaying after the proper time to get in a chose en action, there
can be no objection to their receiving it before the time, if the
person liable be willing to pay it (c).
[And trustees of a
reversionary chose en action may concur with the person
entitled to the prior interest in calling for an immediate
transfer to themselves of the chose en action (d) .]

3. Executors.
There is no inflexible rule as to the time
within which executors are bound to get in the assets ; but in
every case the particular circumstances must govern, and
the Court allows the executors a large discretion (e) .
Thus
(b) Caffrey v. Darby, 6 Ves. 488 ;
Platel v . Craddock, C. P. Cooper's
Cases, 1837-8, 481; Jones v. Higgins,
2 L. R. Eq. 538 ; Ex parte Ogle, 8 L.
R. Ch. App. 711 ; McGachen v. Dew,
15 Beav. 84; Wiles v. Gresham, 2
Drew. 258; Waring v. Waring, 3 Ir.
Ch . Rep. 335 ; Tebbs v. Carpenter,
1 Mad. 298 ; Grove v. Price, 26 Beav.
103; and see Rowley v. Adams, 2 H.
L. Cas. 725 ; Macken v. Hogan, 14 Ir.
Ch . R. 220.
(a) Stone v. Stone, 5 L. R. Ch.
App. 74.
(b) Westmoreland v. Holland, 23
L. T. N.
S. 797; 19 W. R. 302 ;
affirmed W. N. 1871, p. 124.
(c) Mills v . Osborne, 7 Sim. 30 ;
Maskelyne v. Russell, W. N. 1869, p.
184.
[(d) Anson v . Potter, 13 Ch . D.
141.]
(e) Hughes v. Empson, 22 Beav.
183, per M. R.
Harrington, 51 N. H. 409; Warren v. Copelin, 4 Met. 594; Wood v. Partridge,
11 Mass. 488; Littlefield v. Smith,17 Me. 327; Maybin v. Kirby, 4 Rich . Eq.
105.

It has been held, however, that a payment by the debtor without notice
will terminate his liability ; Reed v. Marble, 10 Paige, 409; but not so if
payment is made after notice; Judson v. Corcoran,17 How. 614; Brashear v.
West, 7 Pet. 608.

The trustee must collect promptly the bills receivable, or
become liable for the delay ; Neff's App. 57 Pa. St. 91 ; Cross v . Petree, 10
B. Mon. 413 ; Hester v . Wilkinson, 6 Humph. 215.

399