*236
TRUSTEE LIABLE TO COPYHOLD FINES .
[CH. XII. S. 2.
27.
Trustees liable to rates .
Again, trustees are liable to
be rated for the property vested in them (f) , unless they are
trustees exclusively for public purposes without any profit to
themselves or a particular class, as trustees of court houses,
prisons, or the like (g).
28. Trustee pays the fine on admission to copyholds.- The
trustee of a copyhold must pay a fine on his admission (h) ,
but as the fine follows the admission the lord cannot refuse
admission until the fine is paid (i) ; and on the decease of a
trustee a heriot becomes due to the lord (j) ; and where the
trustee died intestate, and the customary heir before admission devised the estate, the lord was held to be entitled to a
double fine on the admission of the devisee, as it carried with
it also the admission of the devisor (k) .
But where a trustee died intestate, and the Court under the Trustee Acts
appointed a new trustee in the place of the deceased trustee,
and the lord demanded two fines, one for the admission of
the customary heir of the old trustee, and another for the admission of the new trustee, it was held that he could claim
but one fine , viz ., for the admission of the new trus[*236] tee (l) ; * and where two or more trustees have been
admitted jointly, on the decease of one neither fine
nor heriot is due ; not a fine for admission, because, joint
tenants being seised per my et per tout, the estate is vested
in the survivors or survivor by the original grant, and not a
heriot, because, however many in number the trustees may
be, they all form but one tenant to the lord, and therefore no
heriot is demandable until the death of the longest liver (a) .
[Now on the death of a trustee of copyholds they vest in his
legal personal representatives (b), who must pay the ordinary
(f) Regina v. Sterry, 12 Ad. & Ell .
84; Queen v. Stapleton, 4 B. & S. 629.
(g) Regina v. Shee, 4 Q. B. 2 ;
Mayor of Manchester v. Overseers of
Manchester, 17 Q. B. 859 ; Queen v.
Harrogate Commissioners , 15 Q. B.
1012.
(h) Earl of Bath v. Abney, 1 Dick.
260; S. C. 1 Burr. 206.
(i) Regina v. Wellesley, 2 Ell .
& Bl. 924.
(j) Trinity College v. Browne, 1
Vern. 441; see Car v. Ellison, 3 Atk.
77.
(k) Lord Londesborough v. Foster,
3 B. & S. 805.
81.(l) Bristow v. Booth, 5 L. R. C. P.
(a) See 2 Watk. Cop. 147.
[(6) 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 30; Re
Hughes, W. N. 1884, p. 53.]