CH. XXIII . S. 2.

*611

SURVIVORSHIP OF POWERS .

Thirdly. As to survivorship .

1. Survivorship of powers.-The survivorship of the estate carries with it the survivorship of such powers as are
annexed to the trust.
If a mere power be given to A., B.,
and C., and one of them die, it is perfectly clear that the
power cannot be exercised by the survivors : but if trustees
have an equitable power annexed to the trust, and forming
an integral part of it, as if an estate be vested in
three trustees upon trust * to sell, then, as the power [*611]
is coupled with an interest, and the interest survives,
the power also survives (a) .

Trust powers.-The principle that trust powers survive
with the estate appears to be as old as the time of Lord
Coke, for he observes, " If a man deviseth land to his executors to be sold, and maketh two executors, and the one dieth,
yet the survivor may sell the land, because as the estate, so
the trust shall survive ; and so note the diversity between a
bare trust and a trust coupled with an interest " (b).

At the
present day a trust, that is, a power imperative, whether a
bare power, or a power coupled with an interest, would be
equally carried into execution in the forum of a Court of
equity; for the maxim now is, The trust or power imperative
is the estate.
But in the time of Lord Coke, had a bare
power been devised to A. and B. to sell an estate, as for payment of debts, the authority was one which A. and B. during their joint lives were compellable by subpæna in Chancery to execute for the benefit of the creditors ; but if A.
happened to die before the sale was carried into effect, the
trust was extinguished, and the heir who had always retained
a right to the intermediate rents and profits was then seised
of the absolute and indefeasible inheritance.
But in case
the testator had devised the estate to A. and B. to sell for
payment of debts, then, as the trust was not a mere power,
but a power coupled with an interest, it received a more
(a) Lane v . Debenham, 11 Hare,
188; and see Gouldsb. 2, pl. 4; Peyton v. Bury, 2 P. W. 628 ; Mansell v.
Vaughan,Wilm. 49; Eyre v. Countess
of Shaftesbury, 2 P. W. 108, 121, 124;
Butler v. Bray, Dyer, 189, b ; Byam
v. Byam, 19 Beav. 58 ; Jenk. 44 ; Co.
Lit. 112, b. 113, a ; Flanders v . Clark,
1 Ves . 9; Potter v. Chapman, Amb.
100; Jones v. Price, 11 Sim . 557.
(b) Co. Lit. 113, a; and see Ib.
181, b .
825