*425
[CH. XVIII. S. 1.
TRUSTEES FOR SALE.
their cestuis que trust to postpone the sale arbitrarily to an
indefinite period.
The trustees cannot by such postponement vary the relative rights of the tenant for life and remaindermen, and so interfere with the settlor's intention (f) .
If trustees for a length of time, as for twenty years, neglect
without any sufficient reason to sell, they will be answerable
for any depreciation, and be decreed to account for interest
instead of rents (g) .
8. Trust to sell within a limited period.-If the trust be
"with all convenient speed and within five years," to sell the
estate and apply the funds in payment of debts, &c., the
proviso as to the five years is considered as directory only,
and the trustees can sell and make a good title after the
lapse of that period.
The Court could scarcely impute to
the settlor the intention that the sale at the end of
[*425] the five years should be made * by the Court, which
would be the case if the power in the trustees were
extinguished (a) .
[9. Cestuis que trust all sui juris.-A trust for sale is not
put an end to by reason of all the persons beneficially interested becoming suijuris, for any one of the cestuis que trust
has a right to insist on the trust being carried out, but if
they all agree to take the property as realty, the trust for
sale is extinguished (b) .]
10. Trustee for sale may not grant leases.-In a case where
the trustees had endeavoured for some time to sell, and not
having succeeded, they agreed to execute a lease, the Court,
on a bill filed by the trustees, to compel specific performance,
refused to decree the lease, as the trust for sale did not
primâfacie imply a power to grant leases (c). And so executors who are quasi trustees for sale, would, under special
circumstances only, be justified in granting a lease (d) ; for
(f) See Walker v. Shore, 19 Ves.
391; Hawkins v . Chappel, 1 Atk . 623.
(g) Fry v . Fry, 27 Beav. 144; Pattenden v. Hobson, 1 Eq. Rep. 28.
(a) Pearce v. Gardner, 10 Hare,
287; and see Cuff v. Hall, 1 Jur. N.
S. 973; De la Salle v. Moorat, 11 L.
R. Eq. 8; [Edwards v. Edmunds, 34
L. T. N. S. 522.]
[(b) Biggs v. Peacock, 22 Ch. D.
284; Re Tweedie and Miles, 27 Ch.
D. 315.]
(c) Evans v. Jackson, 8 Sim . 217.
(d) Hackett v. M'Namara, Ll. &
G. Rep. t. Plunket, 283.