*143

CHAPTER IX.
OF RESULTING TRUSTS .

Classification of trusts by operation of law.-HAVING discussed the various questions involved in the creation of trusts
by the act of a party, we shall next direct our attention to
the creation of trusts by operation of law.
Trusts of this
kind may be regarded as twofold, viz. 1. Resulting.
2. Constructive .

Subdivision of resulting trusts.-Resulting Trusts,¹ the subject of the present chapter, may be subdivided into the two

1 RESULTING TRUSTS.-Definition .- There is a "class of trusts which result in law, from the acts of parties whether they intended to create a trust
or not;" 1 Perry on Trusts, § 124. "In all species of resulting trusts intention
is an essential element, although that intention is never expressed by any
words of direct creation.
There must be a transfer, and equity infers the
intention that the transferee was not to receive and hold the legal title as the
beneficial owner, but that a trust was to arise in favor of the party whom
equity would regard as the beneficial owner under the circumstances;" 2Pom .
Eq. Jur. § 1031 ; 2 Story Eq. Jur. § 1195.

Title taken in name of one, consideration paid by another.-The most important as well as the most numerous class of resulting trusts arise in this way,
the holder of the legal title becoming a trustee, another furnishing money;
1 Perry on Trusts, § 126 ; 2 Pom. Eq. Jur . § 1037 ; Williams v. Hollingsworth,
1 Strob . Eq. 103; 47 Am. Dec. 527 ; Baker v. Vining, 30 Me. 121 ; 50 Am. Dec.
617; Foote v. Colvin, 3 Johns. 216; 3 Am. Dec. 478; Jackson v. Matsdorf,
11 Johns . 91; 6 Am. Dec. 355; Strimpfler v. Roberts, 18 Pa. St. 283 ; 57 Am.
Dec. 606; Lisloff v. Hart, 25 Miss. 245; 57 Am. Dec. 203; Ins. Co. v. Deale,
18 Md. 26; 79 Am. Dec. 673 ; Jackson v. Miller, 6 Wend. 228; 21 Am. Dec.
316; Dudley v. Bosworth, 10 Humph. 9 ; 51 Am. Dec. 690 ; Pinnock v.
Clough, 16 Vt. 500 ; 42 Am. Dec. 521; Lee v. Browder, 51 Ala. 288 ; Peabody
v. Tarbell, 2 Cush . 227 ; Hampson v. Fall, 64 Ind . 382; Murphy v. Peabody,
63 Ga. 522 ; Blodgett v. Hildreth, 103 Mass. 484; Mershon v. Duer, 40 N. J.
Eq. 333 ; Scheerer v. Scheerer, 109 III. 11 ; Laws v. Law , 76 Va. 527 ; Sherburne
v. Morse, 132 Mass. 469; Lawry v. Spaulding, 73 Me. 31; Robinson v.
Leflore, 59 Miss. 148; but see Minn. Statutes and Donlin v. Bradley, 119 III.
412.

Payment must have been actually made, or an obligation to pay given,
or no trust will be raised; 2 Pom. Eq. Jur. § 1037 .

Part payment of consideration .-A trust results whether the title is taken in
the name of one or two or more jointly, and payment of a part of the purchase-price will create a trust pro tanto, as two or more advance the money
and the title is taken in the name of one; Case v. Codding, 38 Cal. 191; Dow
194