CH. III . S. 2.]
*31

CORPORATIONS .

2. Corporations.

A corporation could not have been seised to a use, for, as was gravely observed, it had no soul, and how then could any confidence be reposed in it ? But the technical rules upon which this doctrine proceeded, have long since ceased to operate in respect of trusts ; and at the present day every body corporate, whether civil or ecclesiastical (b), is compellable in equity to carry the intention into execution (c) .

"A trust," said Lord Romilly, " may be of two characters, it may be of a general character or of a private and individual character. A person might leave a sum of money to a Corporation in trust to support the children of A. B., and pay them the principal at 21.
That would be a private and particular trust which the children could enforce against the corporation if the corporation applied the property to its own benefit.
On the other hand, a person might leave money to a corporation in trust for the benefit of the inhabitants of a particular place, or for paving or lighting the town.
That would be a public trust for the benefit of all the inhabitants, and the proper form of suit in the event
(b) Attorney-General v. St. John's Hosp. 2 De G. J. & S. 621 .
(c) See Attorney-General v. Landerfield, 9 Mod. 286; Dummer v. Corporation of Chippenham, 14 Ves. 252 ; Green v. Rutherforth, 1 Ves. 468; Attorney-General v. Whorwood, 1 Ves. jun. 536 ; Attorney-General v. Mayor of Stafford, Barn. 33 ; Attorney-General v. Foundling Hospital, 2 Ves. jun. 46; Attorney-General v. Earl of Clarendon, 17 Ves. 499 ; Attorney-General v. Caius College, 2 Keen, 165.

Corporations may act as trustees, if not inconsistent with their purposes or contrary to their charters .
Trustees v. King, 12 Mass. 546 ; Dublin Case, 38 N. H. 577 ; Vidal v. Girard, 2 How. 187 ; In re Howe, 1 Paige, 214 ; In re Newark Sav. Inst. 28 N. J. Eq. 552 ; Society v. Atwater, 23 Conn. 34 ; Greenville Acad. 7 Rich. Eq. 476. Cities and towns may be trustees.
School v. Canal Co., 9 Ohio, 217; Webb v. Neal, 5 Allen, 575 ; Sutton v. Cole, 3 Pick. 232; Sudbury v. Belknap, 1 Pick. 512; Newhall v. Wheeler, 7 Mass. 189; Norton v. Leonard, 12 Pick. 152; Allen v. Macy, 109 Ind. 559; Piper v. Moulton, 72 Me. 155; Perin v. McMicken, 15 La. Ann. 154.

So may overseers of the poor, trustees of school funds and banks.
No. Hempstead v. Hempstead, 2 Wend. 109 ; Carmichael v. Trustees, 3 How. (Miss.) 84; Morris v. Way, 16 Ohio, 478 ; Dartmouth Coll. v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 636 ; People v. Ins. Co., 15 Johns. 358; Beaty v. Knowler, 4 Pet. 152.

In case a corporation may not be a trustee, its title is good against outside parties, but as the trust cannot be enforced, a new trustee will be appointed.
Harpending v. Dutch Church, 16 Pet. 492; Perin v. Carey, 24 How. 465 ; Chapin v. School Dist., 35 N. H. 445; Winslow v. Cummings, 3 Cush. 358.

So may unincorporated associations.
Tucker v. Seaman's Aid Soc., 7 Met. 188; Burbank v. Whitney, 24 Pick. 146 ; Inglis v. Snug Harbour, 3 Pet. 114 ; State v. Rusk, 23 Wis. 636.