*470
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS .
to a person or body of persons taking the fee-simple or feetail in præsenti free from executory limitations over, and not
devises of the fee-simple to several persons in succession for
particular estates .
True principle.-The true principle which, independently
of the Act referred to, ought to govern these cases would
appear to be, that where a testator devises the estate to trustees, or to a beneficiary, and charges his debts, there the
trustees or the beneficiary should have a power of sale and
signing receipts, but that where a testator charges his debts,
and does not devise the estate, or devises it in such a manner that there is no one who can execute the trust, there
the executors should have an equitable power of sale and
signing receipts, and that the depositaries of the legal estate
should be trustees for them, and bound to convey as they
direct; but that where the testator has devised the estate,
and therefore provided a hand to execute the trust, but the
trustee or devisee dies in the testator's lifetime, there, as
the hand to execute the trust has only failed by the act of
God, no person has a power of sale or signing receipts, but
the trust can only be executed by the Court.
[*470]
* 16.
Storry v. Walsh . -It remains to notice in
connection with this subject the case of Storry v.
Walsh (a) , in which Sir J. Romilly, M. R. held in substance
that a devisee, subject to a charge of debts and legacies, may,
with the concurrence of the executors declaring that all debts
and legacies have been paid, sellfor his own private purposes,
and give a good title to a purchaser.
This case resembles
that of an executor, who is also specific or residuary legatee,
selling a chattel interest for his own private debt (b) .
[17. Effect of Settled Land Act.-Before quitting this
subject, however, it will be proper to advert to the question
whether the power of selling or mortgaging the property
which arises under a charge of debts is affected by s. 56 of
the Settled Land Act, 1882.
That Act after giving large
powers to the tenant for life, including a general power of
sale, and a power of mortgaging for specific purposes, which
(a) 18 Beav. 559 ; and see Howard
v. Chaffers, 2 Dr. & Sm. 236.
(b) See infra, as to receipts of
executors, p. 479.
636