*509
[Сн. ХХ. S. 1.
VALIDITY OF TRUST
of administration, and would not be justified in the breach
of this legal obligation by pleading any expression of intenproperty vests in an assignee immediately on acceptance of the trust by him,
and he cannot then divest himself of it by simply refusing to carry out the
trust; Seal v. Duffy, 4 Pa. St. 274; if trustee is not knowing to the instrument, his assent will be presumed; Ward v. Lewis , 4 Pick. 518; Pingree v.
Comstock, 18 Pick. 46; Shepherd v. M'Evers, 4 Johns. Ch. 136 ; Merrills v.
Swift, 18 Conn. 257.
An assignment has been held good as against creditors,
where assignor is out of state, from the time of his placing it in the post
office; Johnson v. Sharp, 31 Ohio St. 611.
Liens may take priority of the
actual acceptance by the trustee; Crosby v. Hillyer, 24Wend. 280.
If there
is sufficient reason, one creditor may have an assignment nullified, and sometimes obtains a preference; Wakeman v. Grover, 4 Paige, 24; Burrall v. Leslie, 6 Paige, 445; in such case creditors will be paid pari passu ; Austin v.
Bell, 20 Johns. 442 ; M'Meekin v. Edmonds, 1 Hill Eq. 293.
In enforcing a trust of this kind, the nature of the instrument will determine who are necessary parties; Haughton v. Davis, 23 Me . 28 ; Kerr v.
Blodgett, 48 N. Y. 62 ; Hobart v. Andrews, 21 Pick. 532.
One maybe creditor, cestui que trust, and trustee, but can receive no advantage over other
creditors, because of it; Harrison v. Mock, 10 Ala. 185; Prevost v . Gratz,
Pet . C. C. 373 ; Miles v . Bacon, 4 J. J. Marsh. 468; Jewett v. Woodward, 1
Edw. Ch. 195; Pratt v. Adams, 7 Paige, 615.
An assignment to pay debts, carries with it by implication, a power to sell
the assigned property; Gould v. Lamb, 11 Met. 84; Goodrich v. Proctor, 1
Gray, 567.
The purchaser need not look after the application of the purchase-money ;
Gardner v. Gardner, 3 Mason, 178; Hauser v. Shore, 5 Ired. Eq. 357 ; Williams v. Otey, 8 Humph. 568 ; Andrews v. Sharhawk, 13 Pick. 393 ; unless the
trust is confined to special debts ; Cadbury v. Duval, 10 Barr, 267 ; Duffy v.
Calvert, 6 Gill, 487 .
The same rules apply to partnerships, and the general principles relating
to firm and individual debts ; Murrill v. Neill, 8 How, 414; Andress v. Miller,
15 Pa. St. 318; Mills v. Argall, 6 Paige, 577; Jackson v. Cornell, 1 Sandf.
Ch. 348 .
A direction to pay debts includes only such as could be legally collected
from the estate; Rogers v. Rogers, 3 Wend. 503.
Only debts bearing interest,
will have it added to the principal; Bryant v. Russell, 23 Pick. 508 .
An assignment or trust for the benefit of creditors does not affect the
Statute of Limitations; Christy v. Flemington, 10 Barr, 129; Read v. Johnson,
1 R. I. 81 .
A creditor need not have a judgment at law to maintain a bill against a
trustee, to prevent him from abusing the trust and appropriating the trust
funds to himself ;
Miller v. Davidson, 3 Gil. 518; 44 Am. Dec. 715.
The
court will see that such a trust does not fail for want of a trustee, even if the
assignee named renounces or relinquishes it ; Scull v. Reeves, 2 Green's Ch .
131; 29 Am. Dec. 703 ; the ignorance of the assignor will not be cause for
setting aside the assignment; Ib.; assignees in trust for creditors are not
bona fide purchasers for value, and will not be protected as they would be;
Clark v. Flint, 22 Pick. 231; 33 Am. Dec. 733 ; in case of suit assignee brings
action in his own name; Buck v. Swazey, 35 Me. 41 ; 56 Am. Dec. 681.
Creditor to take advantage of fraud in deed of trust, should get judgment