*107
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
[*107] ascertained, the whole gift will fail (h) ; * but the
fact that the amount to be applied for the unlawful
purpose has not been expressly stated in the gift will not
make the whole gift void, and the Court will, if it be practicable, ascertain the amount which would have satisfied the
unlawful purpose, and hold the gift good as to the residue (a). ]
[(h) Chapman v. Brown, 6 Ves.
404; Limbrey v. Gurr, 6 Mad. 151;
Cramp v. Playfoot, 4 K. & J. 479;
Fowler v . Fowler, 33 Beav. 616.
But
see Re Williams, 5 Ch. D. 735 ; Re
Birkett , 9 Ch . D. 576.]
[(a) Mitford v. Reynolds, 1 Phil.
185; Re Rigley's Trust, 15 W. R.
190; Fisk v. Attorney-General, 4 L. R.
Eq. 521; The Magistrates of Dundee v .
Morris , 3 Macq. 134 ; and see Dawson
v. Small, 18 L. R. Eq. 114; Hunter v.
Bullock,14 L. R. Eq. 45 ; Re Williams,
5 Ch. D. 735 ; Champney v. Davy, 11
Ch. D. 949 ; Re Birkett, 9 Ch. D. 576.
It should, however, be pointed out
that
in Fisk
v.
Attorney-General,
Dawson v. Small, Hunter v. Bullock,
Re Williams, and Re Birkett, ubi sup .,
all of which were cases of trusts for
the maintenance of family tombs out
of the income of a fund and for the
application of the surplus for a lawful
purpose, the trust for the lawful purpose was held to apply to the whole
income and not merely to the surplus
after ascertaining what would have
been required for the unlawful purpose.
It is difficult to see upon what
principles these cases rest ; but it is
submitted
that the grounds
upon
which they are put do not affect the
proposition in the text.
Thus, in
Fisk v. Attorney-General, the case was
argued on the footing that the whole
fundwas given for the lawful purpose
charged with a portion for an unlawful purpose, and the charge failing,
the gift of the whole for the lawful
purpose was good; and this would
seem to have been the view adopted
by V. C. Wood, for he observed, p .
527 : " I think I ought, in this instance
(if the gift of the residue had been
exclusive of the amount required for
the repair of the grave), to have
ascertained the amount required for
the void purpose, but the better construction
is, that the whole of the
gift is to be taken by the rector and
church-wardens ."
So again in Hunter v. Bullock and
Dawson v. Small, both before V. C.
Bacon, the trust for keeping up the
tombs was treated as being merely
honorary:
that
is, " an
obligation
either to be performed or not, as the
persons to whom the custody of the
money was given thought fit," and
the gift for the lawful purpose was
held to be " certain in amount" (i.e.,
of the whole income), " subject only
to the fulfilment of the honorary
trust."
In Re Williams and Re Birkett, V.
C. Malins and M. R. followed the
previous decisions ; M. R. in the latter
case (in which Re Rigley's Trusts was
not mentioned), intimating that had
the case been unfettered by authority,
he should have arrived at a different
conclusion.]