*70

WHEN A TRUST IS PERFECTLY CREATED.

[CH. VI.]

4. Now by the recent act (e), sect. 1, a married woman is
capable of acquiring and holding property as her separate
property, as if she were a feme sole, without the intervention
of any trustee, and a gift by a husband to his wife will now
be valid, as well at law as in equity.
But by sect. 10 it is
provided, that nothing in the act contained shall give validity
as against creditors of the husband to any gift by a husband
to his wife of any property which, after such gift, shall continue to be in the order and disposition or reputed ownership
of the husband, or to any deposit or other investment of
moneys of the husband, made by or in the name of his wife
in fraud of his creditors, but any moneys so deposited or
invested may be followed as if the act had not been passed.
And since the act has put a gift by a husband to his wife
on a similar footing to a gift to a stranger, the principles
governing imperfect gifts to strangers (f) must be equally
applied to gifts from husband to wife.

5. Where the property is a legal interest.-If it be proposed
to make a stranger the trustee, and the subject of the trust
is a legal interest, and one capable of legal transmutation, as
land or chattels which pass by conveyance, assignment, or
delivery, or stock which passes by transfer, in this case the
trust is not perfectly created unless the legal interest be
actually vested in the trustee.
It is not enough that the
settlor executed a deed affecting to pass it, and that he
believed nothing to be wanting to give effect to the transaction : the intention of divesting himself of the legal property must in fact have been executed, or the Court
[*70]
will not recognize the trust (g).
"I take * the distinction," said Lord Eldon, "to be, that if you want
[(e) 45 & 46 Vict. c. 75; see Re
March, 24 Ch . D. 222 ; 27 Ch . D. 166.]
[(f) See post, p. 74.]
(g) See Garrard v. Lauderdale, 2
revested; Ritter's App. 59 Pa. St. 9 ; Falk v. Turner, 101 Mass. 494; Viney
v. Abbott, 109 Mass. 302; Sewall v. Roberts, 115 Mass. 272 ; Meiggs v. Meiggs,
15 Hun, 453 ; Dennison v . Goehring, 7 Barr, 175; Aylsworth v. Whitcomb, 12
R. I. 298 ; Gilchrist v. Stevenson, 9 Barb. 9 ; as to revocation, see also Isham
v . Delaware R. R. Co. 3 Stock, 229 .
The tendency in America is to favor trusts for a wife and children, but
wider range of relationship would not be so favored ; Bright v. Bright, 8B.
Mon. 194; M'Intire v. Hughes, 4 Bibb, 186; Buford v. McKee, 1 Dana, 107.