*132
[CH. VIII. S. 2.
IMPLIED TRUSTS .
" hope " (k), "do not doubt" (l), "be well assured" (m),
" confide " (n), " have the fullest confidence " (o), " trust " (p),
" trust and confide " (q), " have full assurance and confident
hope " (r), be " under the firm conviction " (s), " in the full
belief " (t), " well know " (u), or use such expressions as
" of course the legatee will give " (v), " in consideration the
legatee has promised to give " (w), [" to be applied as I
have requested him to do" (x),] &c.; in these and similar
cases, the intention of the testator is considered
[*132] * imperative, and the devisee or legatee is bound,
and may be compelled to give effect to the injunction (a).
And though instances of this kind generally
occur upon the construction of wills, the doctrine does not
apply to wills exclusively, but has been extended also to
settlements inter vivos (b) .
(k) Harland v. Trigg, 1 B. С. C.
142; and see Paul v. Compton, 8 Ves .
380.
(r) Macnab v. Whitbread, 17Beav.
299.
(s) Barnes v. Grant, 2 Jur. N. S.
(t) Fordham v. Speight, 23 W. R.
(1) Parsons v. Baker, 18 Ves . 476 ;
Taylor v . George, 2 V. & Β. 378 ;
Malone v . O'Connor, Ll. & G. temp.
Plunket, 465; and see Sale v . Moore,
1 Sim. 534 .
(m) Macey v. Shumer, 1 Atk. 389;
S. C. Amb. 520.
See Ray v. Adams,
3 Μ. & Κ. 237 .
(n) Griffiths
v. Adams, 5 Beav.
241; and see Shepherd v. Nottidge,
2 J. & H. 766 .
(0) See Shovelton v. Shovelton,
32 Beav. 143 ; Wright v. Atkyns , 17
Ves . 255, 19 Ves . 299, G. Coop. 111
T. & R. 143 ; Webb v. Wools , 2 Sim .
N. S. 267 ; Palmer v. Simmonds, 2
Drew. 225 ; Curnick v. Tucker, 17 L.
R. Eq. 320; Le Marchant v. Le Marchant, 18 L. R. Eq. 414.
673 .
(p) Irvine v. Sullivan, 8 L. R. Eq .
(g) Wood v. Cox, 1 Keen, 317 ;
S. C. 2 M. & C. 684; Pilkington v.
Boughey, 12 Sim . 114.
1127.
782.
(u) Bardswell v . Bardswell, 9 Sim .
323; Nowlan v. Nelligan, 1 B. C. C.
489 ; Briggs v. Penny, 3 Mac. & Gord.
546, 3 De G. & Sm. 525; [but see the
observations on Briggs v. Penny in
Stead v. Mellor, 5 Ch. D. 225.]
(v) Robinson v. Smith, 6 Mad.
194; but see Lechmere v. Lavie, 2 M.
& Κ. 198 .
(w) Clifton v. Lombe, Amb. 519.
[(x) Re Fleetwood, 15 Ch. D. 594.]
[(a) Aprecatory trust in favour of
childrenmay be executed by limiting
the interests of females to their separate use, for such a limitation effectually carries out the intention ; Willis
v. Kymer, 7 Ch. D. 181.]
266.(6) Liddard v. Liddard, 28 Beav.
she shall think best"; Finlay v. Fellowes, 14 Chy. 66; trusting that she will
make such disposition thereof as shall be just and proper among my children,
no trust created; Nelles v. Elliot, 25 Chy. 329.
180