*191
[Сн . Х.
CONSTRUCTIVE TRUSTS .
to apply them in a due course of administration (g), and it
has been held (h) that a mortgagee in possession is so
[*191] strictly a trustee, that he is liable even after a * transfer for the rents and profits subsequently accrued, but
the case was probably decided upon its own special circumstances, for a mortgagee has surely a right to transfer his
mortgage without notice to the mortgagor, though in the
latter case he may not be allowed the costs of the transfer (a) , and, if he be entitled to transfer, how can he be
held responsible as for a breach of trust (b) ?
25. Fraud in attorney.-Again, where A. contracted for
the sale of part of his estate, and the purchaser requiring a
fine to be levied, B., who was A.'s attorney, and also his heir-apparent, advised a fine to be levied of the whole estate,
whereby the will of the vendor was revoked, and the part
not included in the sale descended to B. as his heir-at-law, it
was held that the devisee under the will could call upon B.
as a constructive trustee (c) .
" You," said Lord Eldon, "who
have been wanting in what I conceive to be the duty of an
attorney, if it happens that you get an advantage by that
neglect, you shall not hold that advantage, but you shall be
a trustee of the property for the benefit of that person who
would have been entitled to it if you had known what as
an attorney you ought to have known, and, not knowing
it, you
shall not take advantage of your own
ignorance " (d) .
(g) Coppring v. Cooke, 1 Vern.
270; Bentham v. Haincourt , Pr. Ch.
30; Parker v . Calcroft, 6 Mad. 11 ;
Hughes
v . Williams, 12 Ves . 493;
Maddocks v. Wren, 2 Ch . Rep. 109.
(h) Venables v. Foyle, 1 Ch. Ca. 3 .
(a) Re Radcliffe, 22 Beav. 201 .
(b) See Kingham v. Lee, 15 Sim .
400.
[It is singular that there is no
modern case upon this point, but the
liability of the mortgagee may perhaps be supported on the ground that
by entering into possession he has
made himself a trustee for the mortgagor of the rents and profits, and
that the transfer without the consent
of the mortgagor merely constitutes
the transferee to be the agent of the
mortgagee for the receipt of the rents
and profits , and leaves the mortgagee
liable for the acts of his agent; and
see Coote on Mortgages, 5th ed. , 720,
809; Fisher on Mortgages, 4th ed.,
854.]
(c) Bulkley v. Wilford, 2 Cl . &
Fin . 177 ;
S. C. 8 Bligh, N. S. 111 ;
and see Segrave v. Kirwan, Beat. 157;
Nanney v. Williams, 22 Beav. 452;
[Keough
v. M'Grath, 5
L. R. Ir.
478; Lysaght v. M'Grath, 11 L. R. Ir.
142; Re Birchall, 44 L. T. N. S. 243.]
(d) 2 Cl. & Fin. 177.
264