*94
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
The portions intended by the Act are not necessarily
[*94]
* portions created by the deed or will directing the
accumulation, but may be portions pre-existing (a) .
[19. Direction to keep up a policy.-A direction by will to
pay out of the income of the testator's property the premiums
on a policy of assurance effected on the life of another person by the testator in his lifetime, or to be effected after his
death on the life of a person in esse at his death is not an
accumulation within the Act, and may be continued after
the expiration of 21 years from the testator's death (b).]
20. Scotland and Ireland.-Scotland was expressly excepted
from the Act ; but it has since been extended to it by 11 &
12 Vict. c. 36, s. 41.
As the statute was passed a short time before the union
with Ireland, Irish estates are not affected by it (c).
But
where the rents of Irish property belonging to a domiciled
Englishman were directed to be accumulated and become
part of the personal estate, it was held that although the
rents themselves might be invested for more than twentyone years, the income arising from their investment could
not be accumulated (d) ; and the Act applies to an accumulation of rents of leaseholds in England, but belonging to a
testator domiciled in Ireland (e) .
SECTION
II .
ON UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
1. Trusts against the policy of law.- The Court will not
permit the system of trusts to be directed to any object that
contravenes the policy of the law (f).
Thus, if the trust of
415; 2 De G. M. & G. 500 ; Edwards
v. Tuck, 3 De G. M. & G. 40 ; Burt v.
Sturt, 10 Hare, 415; and see Watt v.
Wood, 2 Dr. & Sm . 60.
(a) Halford v . Stains, 16 Sim . 488 ;
Barrington v. Liddell, 2 De G. M. & G.
498; Middleton v. Losh, 1 Sm . & Gif.
61; and see Burt v. Sturt, 10 Hare,
415.
[(b) Bassil v . Lister, 9 Hare, 177 ;
Re Vaughan, W. N. 1883, p. 89.]
(c) Ellis v. Maxwell, 12 Beav. 104 ;
Heywood v . Heywood, 29 Beav. 9.
(d) Ellis v. Maxwell, ubi supra.
(e) Freke v. Lord Carbery, 16 L.
R. Eq. 461.
(f) See Attorney-General v. Pearson, 3 Mer. 399 ; Hamilton v . Waring,
1 Where a trust is contrary to statute or public policy, equity will not
aid in enforcing it; Servis v. Nelson, 1 McCart. 94; Lemmond v. Peoples,
128