*494
[CH. XVIII . S. 3.
PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .
8. Allowances for repairs, &c.- Should the trustee have
repaired or improved the estate, the expense of the repairs
and improvements, if allowed, will be added to the purchasemoney, and the estate be put up at the accumulated sum (h) .
9. Re-selling in lots.
Where the trustee has purchased in
one lot, the cestuis que trust cannot insist on a re-sale in different lots.
If desirous of re-selling the property in that
mode, they must pay the trustee his principal and interest,
and then, as the absolute owners, they may sell as they
please (i) .
10. Difficulty of Lord Hardwicke's rule.- In the application
of Lord Hardwicke's rule it was a question constantly occurring, whether the body of creditors at large could be bound
by the resolution of the majority to insist upon a re-sale ; but
by the practice of Lord Eldon, the difficulty on that head is
avoided (j) , for as the creditors cannot by possibility sustain
an injury, it is competent to any individual creditor to try
[*494]
the experiment (k) .
*11. The remedy against trustee who has sold the
property.- If before the cestui que trust commences
proceedings for relief the trustee has passed the estate into the
hands of a purchaser without notice, the cestui que trust may
compel the trustee to account for the difference of price (a),
or for the difference between the sum the trustee paid and
the real value of the estate at the time of the purchase (b) ,
with interest at 4 per cent. (c) .
12.
Purchase of shares by a trustee.- An administratorhad
become the purchaser of some shares in Scotch mines, part
of the assets, and afterwards sold them to a stranger at a
considerable advance of price, and Lord Thurlow decreed
the trustee to account for every advantage he had made, but
said he could not go the length of ordering the defendant to
(h) Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves. 400;
Exparte Hughes, 6 Ves . 625 ; Robinson v . Ridley, 6 Mad. 2.
(i) See Ex parte James, 8 Ves .
351, 352.
(j) Ex parte Hughes, 6 Ves. 624.
(k) Ex parte James, 8 Ves. 353 ;
and see Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves . 628.
(a) Fox v. Mackreth, 2 B. С. С.
400 ; S. C. 2 Cox, 320 ; Hall v. Hallet,
1 Cox, 134 ; Whichcote v. Lawrence,
3 Ves . 740 ; Ex parte Reynolds, 5
Ves . 707; Randall v . Errington, 10
Ves . 423.
(b) See Lord Hardwicke v. Vernon, 4 Ves . 411.
139.(c) Hall v. Hallet, 1 Cox, 134, see
668