CH . XVIII . S. 3.

PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .

*491

Where the trustee has sold it with notice, by the party who purchased (6), the cestui que trust on the one hand repaying the price at which the trustee bought, with interest at 4 per cent. (c), and the trustee or purchaser on the other accounting for the profits of the estate (d), but not with interest (e), and, if he was in actual possession, being charged with an occupation rent (f) .

[But if the consideration passing from
the trustee is not wholly pecuniary, and the cestui que trust
has by subsequent dealings put it out of his power to restore
to the trustee the benefits derived from him, he has lost his
right to set aside the transaction (g) .]

2. Allowances for repairs.- The trustee will have all just
allowances made to him for improvements and repairs which
are substantial and lasting (h), or such as have a tendency
to bring the estate to a better sale (i), as in one case for a
mansion house erected, plantations of shrubs, &c. (j) ; and
in estimating the improvements, the buildings pulled down,
if they were incapable of repair, will be valued as old materials, but otherwise they will be valued as buildings standing (k) .

Should the property have been deteriorated by the
acts of the trustee, his purchase-money will suffer a proportionate reduction (l) .
[And if the subject-matter of the
sale be a business sold as a going concern, and the purchasing trustee carry it on under his own personal direction, on
the sale being set aside he will be allowed to deduct from
(b) Attorney-General v. Lord Dudley, G. Coop. 146 ; Dunbar v . Tredennick, 2 B. & Β. 304.
(c) Watson v . Toone, 6 Mad. 153 ;
Ex parte James, 8 Ves . 351, per Lord
Eldon; Whelpdale v. Cookson, stated
from R. L. Campbell v. Walker, 5
Ves . 682; Hall v. Hallet, 1 Cox, 134,
see 139 ; York Buildings' Company
v. Mackenzie, ubi supra , &c .
(d) Ex parte James, 8 Ves. 351, per
Lord Eldon ; Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves .
630, per eundem ; Watson v . Toone,
Mad. 153 ;
Whelpdale v. Cookson,
York Buildings' Company v . Mackenzie, ubi supra .
(e) Macartney
v. Blackwood, 1
Ridg . Knapp & Sch. 602.
(f) Ex parte James,8 Ves . 351, per
Lord Eldon .
[(g) Re Worssam, 46 L. T. N. S.
584; Dimsdale v . Dimsdale, 3 Dr. 556,
577.]
(h) Ex parte Hughes, 6 Ves . 624,
625; Ex parte James, 8 Ves . 352 ;
Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves . 682;
Davey v. Durrant, 1 De G. & J. 535 ;
King v. Anderson, 8 I. R. Eq. 625,
see 636.
(i) Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves . 400.
(j) York Buildings' Company v.
Mackenzie, 8 В. Р. С. 42.
(k) Robinson v . Ridley, 6 Mad. 2.
(l) Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves. 401.