CH. VIII. S. 2. ] *136

IMPLIED TRUSTS .
estate shall be " unfettered and unlimited " (e) ; or, " in the
legatee's entire power " (f) ; or be " left to his entire judgment " (g) ; or if he " recommend but do not absolutely enjoin " (h) ; or if a testator give the property to his wife, " well
knowing her sense ofjustice and love to her family, and feeling perfect confidence that she will manage the same to the
best advantage for the benefit of her children " (i) ; [or " to
be used by her in such ways and means as she may consider
best for her own benefit and that of my three children " (j) ;
or " feeling confident that she will act justly to our children
in dividing the same when no longer required by her " (k) ;
or " in full confidence that she will do what is right as to the
disposal thereof between my children, either in her lifetime,
or by will after her decease " (l) ; ] or " to be at her disposal
in any way she may think best for the benefit of herself and
family " (m) ; (or " to his wife absolutely, with full power
for her to dispose of the same as she may think fit for
the benefit of his family, having * full confidence that [*136 ]
she will do so " (a) ; or if he give the residue of his
property to legatees, "his desire being that they shall distribute such residue as they think will be most agreeable to
his wishes " (b) .]
The construction of the words we are considering never
turns on their grammatical import : they may be imperative,
but are not necessarily so (c).
In Shaw v. Lawless (d), the
trustees were recommended to employ a receiver, and Lord
280; and see Paul v. Compton, 8Ves .
380; Howorth v. Dewell, 29 Beav. 18;
[Ahearne v. Ahearne, 9 L. R. Ir. 144.]
(e) Meredith v. Heneage, 1 Sim .
542; S. C. 10 Price, 230 ; Hoy v. Master, 6 Sim . 568 .
(f) Eaton v . Watts, 4L. R. Eq.
151.
(g) McCormick v. Grogan, 1 I. R.
Eq. 313.
(h) Young v. Martin, 2 Υ. & C. Ch.
Ca. 582.
(i) Greene v. Greene, 3 I. R. Eq.
90, 629.
[ (j) M'Alinden v. M'Alinden, 11
I. R. Eq. 219.]
[(k) Mussoorie Bank v. Raynor,
7 App. Cas. 321 ; 9 L. R. Ind. App.
70.]
[(l) Re Adams and the Kensington
Vestry, 24 Ch . D. 199 ; 27 Ch. D. 394. ]
(m) Lambe v. Eames, 10 L. R. Eq.
267 ; 6 L. R. Ch. App . 597 .
[(a) Re Hutchinson and Tenant,
8 Ch . D. 540.]
[(b) Stead v. Mellor, 5 Ch. D. 225.]
(c) Meggison v. Moore, 2 Ves . jun.
632, per Lord Loughborough; and see
Johnston v. Rowlands, 2 De G. & Sm .
385.
(d) Ll . & G. t. Sugden, 154 ; 5 Cl.
& Fin . 129; Ll. & G. t. Plunket, 559.