*143
[CH. IX. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS.
SECTION I.
OF RESULTING TRUSTS WHERE THERE IS A DISPOSITION OF THE LEGAL AND NOT OF THE EQUITABLE INTEREST .
1. General rule.- The general rule is, that wherever, upon a conveyance, devise, or bequest, it appears that the grantee, devisee, or legatee was intended to take the legal interest given expressly for a particular purpose and subject to a particular purpose ; Downer v. Church, 44 N. Y. 647 ; McElroy v. McElroy, 113 Mass. 509 ; Hale v. Horne, 21 Gratt. 112 ; if it appear that the donee was not intended to receive an equitable interest, he will not ; King v. Mitchell, 8 Pet. 349.
Where purpose of trust fails .- Where a trust to be declared never is declared or the objects or purposes of the trust fail a trust will result to the settlor; Hawley v. James, 5 Paige, 318 ; Sturtevant v. Jaques, 14 Allen, 526 ; Shaw v. Spencer, 100 Mass . 388 ; Dillaye v. Greenough, 45 N. Y. 438 ; Pratt v. Beaupre, 13 Minn. 187; Kerlin v. Campbell, 15 Pa. St. 500 ; Easterbrooks v. Tillinghast, 5 Gray, 17.
Trust for indefinite and uncertain purpose.- If too vague to be carried out, a trust results to the settlor, his heirs or representatives ; 2 Pom. Eq. Jur. §1032; Nichols v. Allen, 130 Mass . 211; Shaw v. Spencer, 100 Mass . 388 ; Sturtevant v. Jaques, 14Allen, 526 ; Hawley v. James, 5 Paige, 318 .
Lapse of time.- Mere lapse of time no bar if good excuse is given, but otherwise equity will not enforce after great delay ; Harris v. McIntyre, 118 Ill. 275; after fifteen years should be most satisfactory ; Heneke v. Floring, 114 III. 554; relief refused after three years; Rogers v. Saunders,16 Me. 92; 33 Am . Dec. 635; see also Midmer v. Midmer, 26 N. J. Eq. 299 ; Jennings v. Shacklett, 30 Gratt. 765; Kennedy v . Kennedy, 25 Kan. 151 ; Hennessey v. Walsh, 55 N. H. 515 ; Best v. Campbell,62 Pa . St. 478 ; Dow v. Jewell, 18 N. H. 340; 45 Am . Dec. 371.
See post Statute of Limitations.
Voluntary conveyance .-No trust results because of a conveyance without consideration ; Ownes v. Ownes, 8 C. E. Green, 60 ; Groff v. Rohrer, 35 Md. 327; Burt v. Wilson, 28 Cal. 632 ; and parol is not admissible to control or contradict the consideration; Philbrook v. Delano, 29 Me. 410 ; Randall v. Phillips, 3 Mason, 388 ; Rathbun v. Rathbun, 6 Barb . 98 ; Farrington v. Barr, 36 N. H. 86 ; nor to vary or add to the written instrument; Cairns v. Colburn, 104 Mass. 274; Gerry v . Stimson, 60 Me . 186; Blodgett v. Hildreth, 103 Mass . 484; Bartlett v. Bartlett, 14 Gray,278; Leman v. Whitley,4Russ.423 ; Sprague v . Woods, 4 Watts & S. 192 ; a conveyance in fee with warranty estops the grantor from alleging an interest in the purchase-money which would raise a resulting trust to him; Squire v. Harder, 1 Paige Ch . 494; 19 Am . Dec. 446 ; Philbrook v. Delano, 29 Me. 410 ; creditors could avoid such a deed ; Baldwin v. Campfield, 4Halst. Ch. 891; Dunnica v. Coy, 28 Mo. 525 ; if made for a fraudulent or illegal purpose, no trust will result to the grantor; Wilson v. Cheshire, 1 McCord, Ch. 233 ; Bryant v . Mansfield, 22 Me. 360 ; Muller v. Davis, 50 Mo. 572 ; Hutchins v. Heywood, 50 N. H. 488 ; Cutler v. Tuttle, 19 N. J. Ch. 553.
Parol proof.
Statute of Frauds.- The Statute of Frauds affects only trusts created or declared by the parties, and not those arising by operation of law; 1 Perry on Trusts, § 137 ; Ward v. Armstrong, 84 III. 151; Black v. Black, 4