CH. XX. S. 3.

TRUSTEES FOR PAYMENT OF DEBTS .

*521

trustee (e) .
If a testator create a trust for payment of the
debts of another person deceased, the debts to be paid are
those which were not barred by the Statute of Limitations at
the death of the person so deceased (f) .

4. Legacy duty.- If a person who has been a bankrupt
direct payment of twenty shillings in the pound upon the
debts proved in the bankruptcy, the creditors are legatees,
and pay legacy duty, but there is no lapse though a creditor
die in the testator's lifetime (g) .

5.
Statute of Limitations.
Where a testatrix had devised
an estate to trustees upon trust to sell and pay debts, but no
part of the produce of sale had been set apart for that purpose, the right of the creditor was held by the late V. C. of
England not to be within the exception of the 25th section
of the Statute of Limitations, 3 & 4 W. 4, c. 27, but to fall
under the 40th section ; but that inasmuch as the debt had
been acknowledged by the surviving trustee, the case was
taken out of the statute (h) .
However, the opinion of the
Vice Chancellor that the case was not within the 25th section would not, it is thought, now prevail, but the right of
the creditor would subsist until adverse possession had run
against his trustee (i) .

6. But not as regards a testator's personalty.-The rule
that the creation of a trust keeps alive a debt not barred
at the testator's death does not apply to a trust declared of *personal estate by will, for the person- [*521]
alty vests in the executor upon trust for the creditors by act of law, so that the words of the will are
nugatory (a) .
Nor does a devise of real estate upon trust
to pay debts prevent the operation of the Statute of Limitations (e) See Executors of Fergus v.
Gore, 1 Sch. & Lef. 110.

(f) O'Connor v. Haslam, 5 H. L.
Cas. 170.

(g) Turner v. Martin, 7 De G. M.
& G. 429 ; Re Sowerby's Trust, 2 K.
& J. 620; Philips v. Philips, 3 Hare,
281.

(h) Lord St. John v. Boughton, 9
Sim . 219 .

(i) See infra as to the Statutes of
Limitations .
(a) Jones v . Scott, 1 R. & M. 255 ;
reversed 4 Cl. & Fin. 382 ; Freake v .
Cranefeldt, 3 M. & Cr. 499 ; Evans v .
Tweedy, 1 Beav. 55 ; Crallan v. Oulton, 3 Beav. 1 ; Re Hepburn, 14 Q. B.
D. 394.

N. B.
In Moore v. Petchell,
22 Beav. 172, the doctrine established
by Jones v. Scott, appears to have
escaped notice.