CH. XIV. S. 4.

16. Investment on other stock ordered under particular circumstances.-The Court [would, however, even before the
recent Acts already referred to], under special circumstances
[have invested] in other Government Stock than Consols.
Thus, a testator gave his residuary estate to executors upon
trust to pay the annual produce to A. for life in equal portions at Lady-day and Michaelmas-day, and after his decease
in trust for other purposes. A motion was made that the
executors might invest a sum in their hands in the Three
per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, but it was objected
that the dividends of this stock were payable in January and
July ; whereas, if the money were laid out in the Three per
Cent. Reduced Annuities, the dividends would be payable at
the time directed by the testator; and Sir John Leach made
the order accordingly (e) .

17. Whether trustees may invest on any other [*315]
Government security.-In the report of Hancom v.
Allen (a) it is said, " The trust money had been laid out by
the trustees in funds which sunk in their value, without any
mala fides ; but the same not being laid out in the fund in
which the Court directs trust money to be laid out, the trustees were ordered to account for the principal and pay it into
the Bank, and then that it should be laid out in Bank Three
per Cent. Annuities."
It might be inferred from this statement, that, if a trustee before the late Acts had invested in
any other Government Security than the Three per Cent.
Consols, the Court would have held him accountable for any
loss by a fall of the stock ; but such a doctrine would have
been extremely severe against trustees (b), and the case, as
extracted from the Registrar's book, is no authority for any
such proposition.

Thomas
Phillips, a trustee of 1500l. ,
instead of investing the money in a purchase of land and in
the mean time on some sufficient security, as required by the
M. & Cr. 496, per Lord Cottenham ;
Holland v . Hughes, 16 Ves . 114, per
Sir W. Grant ; Moyle v. Moyle, 2 R.
& M. 716, per Lord Brougham; and
see Jackson v. Jackson, 1 Atk. 513.

(e) Caldecott v. Caldecott, 4 Mad.
189.

(a) 2 Dick. 498.

(b) See Angell v. Dawson, 3 Y. &
C. 316 ; Ex parte Projected Railway,
11 Jur. 1603; Matthews v . Brise, 6
Beav. 239 ; Baud v. Fardell, 7 De G.
M. & G. 628 .