*362
DISTRIBUTION OF THE TRUST FUND.
[CH. XIV. S. 6.
1
The decisions upon these important Acts, and the General
Orders relating to them, will be found separately considered
in the Appendix .
53. Payment to official trustees of charities.-By 18 & 19
Vict. c. 124, s. 22, any trustee or other person having stock
or money in his hands for a charity may, by an order of the
Board of Charity Commissioners, transfer the stock or pay
the money to the Official trustees of charitable funds, and
such payment or transfer will be an indemnity to the person
paying or transferring.
54. Payment into County Court.-By 30 & 31 Vict. c. 142,
s. 24, trust funds not exceeding 500l. in amount or value
may, if money, be paid into the Post Office Savings Bank of
any county court town, in the name of the registrar of such
Court, or, if stock or securities , be transferred into the joint
names of the treasurer and registrar of such Court.
55.
Protection
against
creditors, &c.- Trustees who are
also executors may be embarrassed as to the distribution of
the trust fund, not merely by the difficulty in
[*362] * ascertaining who are their cestuis que trust, but
by reason of the possible existence of paramount
claims on the part of creditors or others.
Turner's Act.
To meet this difficulty provision was made
by Sir George Turner's Act (a) for directing a reference,
upon motion or petition of course, to inquire whether there
were any outstanding debts or liabilities affecting the estate
of any deceased person, and for enabling the personal representative to distribute the estate subject to the result of the
inquiry, without the cost of a general administration under the
direction of the Court ; and by a more recent enactment, the
benefit of these provisions might be obtained by summons at
chambers (6).
56. Lord
St.
Leonards' Act.
By Lord
St. Leonards'
Act (c), even the necessity of an application to the Court
under that of Sir George Turner was in most cases rendered
unnecessary, it being by Lord St. Leonards' Act in substance
enacted that executors and administrators, after giving such
(a) 13 & 14 Vict. c. 35, ss. 19-25.
(b) 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38, s. 14.
(c) 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35, s. 29.
498