*127
[CH. VIII. S. 1.
WHAT POWERS AUTHORIZED.
she may enjoy the same for her life, the Court will settle it
with a clause against anticipation (d) .
[If personal estate be bequeathed for the benefit of a
feme sole "to be paid upon her marriage and to be settled upon her by her settlement," the Court will upon
her marriage settle it on the usual trusts for her and her
children (e) .]
25. Post-nuptial settlements.-Executory trusts in postnuptial settlements, whether voluntary or founded on a valuable consideration, will be construed in the same manner as
executory trusts in wills (f) .
26. Of powers in executory trusts.
We shall conclude
this branch of our subject with a few observations upon the
powers to be introduced in the execution of settlements,
where the trust is executory.
Powers not inserted without a direction. If the testator or
contracting parties give no directions as to the insertion of
powers, the Court cannot, upon the ground of implied
intention, order a power to be introduced (g), except
[*127] * possibly a power of leasing, which differs from all
other powers in being an almost necessary adjunct
for the preservation of the estate itself (a) .
" Usual powers."-If the authority be expressed in general terms, as "to insert all usual powers," the trustees
(d) In re Dunnill's Trust, 6 I. R.
Eq. 322; and see Turner v. Sargent,
17 Beav. 515 ; Stanley v. Jackman,
23 Beav. 450 .
[(e) Duckett v. Thompson, 11 L.
R. Ir. 424.]
(f) Rochfort
v . Fitzmaurice,
1
Conn. & Laws , 158 .
(g) Wheate v. Hall, 17 Ves . 80,
see 85 ; and see Brewster v . Angell, 1
J. & W. 628.
In a recent case, however, where a will had simply directed
a settlement without authorizing any
powers expressly, the M. R. held a
tacit intention to be implied
that
powers of leasing, sale and exchange,
and appointment of new trustees, and
of signing receipts, with provisions
for maintenance, education, and advancement, should be inserted , Turner
v. Sargent, 17 Beav. 515.
[And in a
subsequent case, Fry, J. , approved of
and followed the decision in Turner
v. Sargent, and said that the case of
Wheate v. Hall did not appear to him
to conflict with that view, that there
the direction was that the trustees
should secure the property in a particular manner, which was so fully
detailed in the will that the Court
thought it could not, although the
trusts were in terms executory, insert
a power of sale.
Wise v. Piper, 13
Ch . D. 848, 853.]
And see Scott v.
Steward, 27 Beav. 367; Charlton v .
Rendall, 11 Hare, 296.
(a) See Fearne's P. W.310; Woolmore v. Burrows, 1 Sim. 518.