*88
[CH. VII. S. 1.
TRUSTS OF ADVOWSONS .
"Rate-payers ."-By persons paying to the church and poor must be understood persons liable to pay, though they may not have actually paid (6) ; but it seems to be a necessary qualification that they should have been rated (c), unless, perhaps, the name has been omitted by mistake (d), or there is the taint of fraud (e) .
11. Mode of electing.
With respect to the mode in which
the votes are to be taken, it is clear that the election cannot
be conducted by ballot, not only on the general principle
that the ballot is a form of proceeding unknown to the common law of England (f), but also on the ground, that the
right of voting in the election of a clerk is a privilege
coupled with a public duty, and the trustees have a right to
be satisfied that the voters, in the exercise of their right, have
fairly and honestly discharged their duty ; whereas in election
by ballot there are no means of ascertaining for whom each
particular elector voted (g).
The choice of the candidate
must therefore be determined by one of the modes known to
the common law, viz. either by poll or a show of hands (h) .
However, the cestuis que trust may expressly agree among
themselves that they will abide by the declaration of the
result of the ballot, and will ask no questions how the individual votes were given ; or such a contract may be inferred
from long and clear antecedent usage (i).
But it is said an
agreement of this kind can apply only to each particular
election as it occurs, for any one parishioner has a right
31 & 32 Vict. c. 109, paying such
rates cannot, it is conceived, be regarded as necessary in any case for a
qualification to vote.]
(b) See Attorney-General v. Forster, 10 Ves . 339, 346.
(c) Edenborough v. Archbishop
of Canterbury, 2 Russ. 110.
(d) Edenborough v. Archbishop
of Canterbury, 2 Russ. 110.
(e) S. C. ib . 111.
(f) Faulkner v. Elger, 4 Barn. &
Cress.449.
(g) Edenborough v. Archbishop of
Canterbury, 2 Russ. 105, 108, 109, per
LordEldon.
(h) See ib. 106, 110.
[Some doubt
has , however, been thrown upon this
inthe recent case of Shaw v. Thompson, 3 Ch. D. 233,
in which V. C.
Bacon intimated an opinion that as
voting by ballot had become common, and no objection could now be
taken as in the case of Faulkner v.
Elger, ubi sup. to a ballot on the
ground that
it afforded no opportunity for a scrutiny, an election by
that means would be valid.]
(i)
See Edenborough
v. Archbishop of Canterbury, 2 Russ. 105,
106, 108, 109.
120