*544

[CH. XXI.
LEASES OF CHARITY LANDS .

49. Adequate consideration.-In granting leases of charity
lands care must be taken that the lease be for an adequate
consideration, and if this be not observed, the Court will
interfere and order the lease to be cancelled, and with the
lease will also cancel the covenants.

50.
Leases at an under-value. – The lease may be annulled
on the mere ground of under-value; but it must be an
under-value satisfactorily proved and considerable in amount;
it is not enough to show that a little more might have been
got for the estate than has been actually obtained; still less
is it sufficient to infer the under-letting from the value of
the property at some subsequent period.

51.
"Rent not to be raised." - Even where it was ordained
at the creation of the trust, that no lease should be made for
above twenty-one years, and the rent should not be raised,
it was held that the trustee would not be justified in granting
leases from time to time at no more than the original reservation : that as the times alter and the price of provisions
rises, the rent ought to be raised in proportion.

The direction for leasing under the true value is no part of the charity, and in fact is void in itself for perpetuity.

(c) Ferraby v. Hobson, 2 Ph. 258,
per Lord Cottenham.
(d) See Ferraby v. Hobson, 2 Ph .
(e) Attorney-General v. Morgan, 2
Russ . 306.
(f) East v . Ryal, 2 P. W. 284 ;
Attorney-General v. Lord Gower, 9
Mod. 224, see 229; Attorney-General
v . Magwood, 18 Ves . 315 ; AttorneyGeneral v. Dixie, 13 Ves . 519 ; Poor
of Yervel v. Sutton, Duke, 43 ; Eltham Parish v. Warreyn, Duke, 67 ;
Wright
v.
Newport Pond School,
Duke, 46 ; Rowe v . Almsmen of Tavistock, Duke, 42; Crouch v. Citizens
of Worcester, Duke, 33 ; AttorneyGeneral v. Foord, 6 Beav . 288.
(g) Attorney-General v. Cross , 3
Mer. 541 , per Sir W. Grant.
(h) Watson v. Hinsworth Hospital,
2Vern. 596 ; and see Lydiatt v. Foach,
Id. 410; Attorney-General v. Master
of Catherine Hall, Cambridge, Jac.
381; Attorney-General v. St. John's
Hospital, 1 L. R. Ch. App. 92.

(a) Hope v. Corporation of Gloucester, 7 De G. M. & G. 647; Attor