CH. III. S. 2.

*38

INFANTS .

10. Infant ought not to be appointed Trustee. - Has no legal discretion.- An infant labors under still greater disability than a feme covert ; for, first, as regards judgment and discretion, a feme is admitted to have capacity, though she cannot in all cases freely exercise it ; but an infant is said altogether to want capacity (d).

An infant cannot be steward of the court of a manor (e), or attorney for a person in a suit (f), or guardian to a minor (g), or be a bailiff or receiver (h) ; but can only discharge such acts as are merely ministerial, as to be an attorney to deliver seisin (i), or as a lord of a manor to give effect to a custom (j), or to appoint a seneschal (k).

So he might, until an act to the contrary (l), have been, as executor, the channel or conduit pipe through which the assets found their way to the hands of creditors in a due course of administration (m) ; but had he acted otherwise than ministerially, as by signing an acquittance without receipt of the money, such an exercise of discretion had been actually void (n).

[However, an infant
may exercise a power simply collateral over both real and personal estate (o), and as to personal estate he may exercise a power in gross notwithstanding that it may involve the application of discretion (p), but as to real estate it would seem that such a power could not be exercised unless expressly authorized by the instrument creating the power (q).

And where an intention * appears that
[*38]
(d) Hearle v. Greenbank, 3 Atk.
712, and 1 Ves . 305, per Lord Hardwicke; Grange v. Tiving, O. Bridg.
108, per Sir O. Bridgman; Compton
v. Collinson, 2 B. C. C. 887, per Buller, J.; and see Sockett v. Wray, 4
В. С. С. 486 .

(e) Co. Lit. 3, b; and see Mr. Hargrave's note (4), ib.
But acts done
by an infant in the character of steward cannot be avoided by reason of his disability.
Eddleston v. Collins,
3 De G. M. & G. 1 .

(f) Co. Lit. 128, a;
Br. Ab .
" Covert. and Infant," pl. 55, and see
Hearle v. Greenbank, 3 Atk. 710.

(g) Co. Lit. 88, b;
[but see Re
D'Angibau, 15 Ch . D. 228, 245.]

(h) Co. Lit. 172, a.

(i) Co. Lit. 52, a ; Br. Ab. " Covert.
and Infant," pl. 55.

252.

(j) 1 Watk . on Copyh. 24.

(k) Halliburton v. Leslie, 2 Hog .
(1) 38 G. 3. c. 87, s. 6.

(m) Toller on Executors, 31.

(n) Russel's case, 5 Rep. 27, a;
Co. Lit. 172, a; ib. 264, b; 1 Roll.
Ab. 730, F. 2 .

[(o) Sugd. on Pow. 8th ed. 177,
911; 1 Preston on Abstracts, 325 ;
King v. Bellord, 1 H. & M. 343 ; Re
D'Angibau, 15 Ch. D. 228.]

[(p) Re D'Angibau, ubi sup .]

[(q) Hearle v. Greenbank, 3 Atk.
45