*578
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES.
[CH. XXIII. S. 1.
the rents or profits of lands are enabled, by the 24th section,
to apply for and make, in conformity with the provisions of
the Act, the several improvements mentioned in the 9th section, such as drainage, reclamation of land, erection of farm
buildings, planting, &c.

14. Cutting timber.-Where an estate was devised to A.
and his heirs upon trust to settle on B. for life, subject to
impeachment of waste, remainder to C. for life, without impeachment of waste, remainder to C.'s first and other sons
in tail, and before any settlement was executed the trustee,
with the concurrence of B. and C., cut down timber which
showed symptoms of decay, Sir L. Shadwell said " he considered the timber to have been cut by the authority of
the trustee, who had a superintending control over
the estate ; that it was not a wrongful act ; and that
the effect of it must be the same as if it had been done with
the sanction of the Court " (a).

And in a later case (b) the
Court seemed to think that a tenant for life, impeachable for
waste, would not be chargeable with interest during his own
life as to such timber felled by him as the Court would have
ordered to be cut, but that the onus would be on the tenant
for life to make out that such was the case.

[15. Settled Land Act.-Now by the Settled Land Act,
1882, sect. 35, a tenant for life impeachable for waste may,
with the consent of the trustees of the settlement or an
order of the Court, cut and sell timber ripe and fit for
cutting, but three-fourth parts of the net proceeds of the.
sale are to be set aside as capital money arising under the
Act.

16. Management of land and
receipt and application of
income during minority.- In the case of instruments
for other works of a permanent character
such as for the supply of water; and by the
Settled Land Act, 1882, s . 30, to all
improvements authorisedbythatAct,
see sect. 25.

In Re Dunn's Settled
Estate, W. N. 1877, p. 39, it was held
that the sum to be charged under 33
&34 Vict. c. 56, was not confined to
two years' rental of the particular
estate on which the mansion was to
be built, but extended to two years'
rental of all the estates comprised in
the settlement.]

(a) Waldo v . Waldo, 7 Sim. 261 ;
and see Gent v. Harrison, Johns . 517;
Earl Cowley v. Wellesley, 1 L. R. Eq.
656.

(b) Bagot v. Bagot, 2 New Rep.
297.