CREDITORS' DEEDS REVOCABLE.

The deed, yet if, by arrangement between him and the debtor,
an estate is vested in a trustee for securing the debt, he can
enforce the trust (d).

Even where a debtor entered into
an arrangement with three of his creditors, and in pursuance
thereof, by a deed between himself of the first part, the
three creditors of the second part, and his other creditors of
the third part, conveyed all his real and personal estate to
the three creditors, in trust for themselves and the other
creditors, it was held that the intention was to make the
creditors cestuis que trust, and that the deed was irrevocable ;
and no distinction was taken between the three creditors
and the other creditors, although the latter apparently had
not been in communication with the debtor previous to
the deed, and had not executed it until some time afterwards (e).

2. Revocable trusts.

On the other hand, if a debtor, without communication with his creditors,
and, indeed, only from motives of personal convenience, as on going abroad (a),
vests an estate in trustees upon trust to pay his debts, the trustees are mere mandatories,
and the deed confers no right upon the creditors who are neither parties nor privies,
and the debtor may at any time, at his pleasure, revoke or vary the trusts,
or call for the re-transfer of the property (b).

And if two persons have different
interests in the same estate, and they, by arrangement
between themselves, but without communication with any
creditor, convey the property to trustees, upon trust to pay
the debts of either party : here, though each may enforce
the trust as against the other, yet the deed is revocable by
both, and the creditor, as he neither required the security,
nor was an object of bounty, cannot, while the deed remains
revocable, compel the execution of the trust in his own

661. (d) Wilding v. Richards, 1 Coll.
(e) Mackinnon v. Stewart, 1 Sim .
N. S. 76 .
(a) Cornthwaite v. Frith, 4 De G.
& Sm. 552.
(b) Walwyn v. Coutts, 3 Sim. 14 ;
3 Mer . 707 ; Smith v. Keating, 6 C.
B. 136 ; Acton v. Woodgate, 2 M. &
K. 492 ; Henriques v. Bensusan, 20
W. R. 350 ; Browne v. Cavendish, 1
Jon . & Lat. 606 ;
[Johns r. James, 8
Ch . D. 744 ; Re Sanders ' Trusts , 47 L.
J. N.
S. Ch. 667 ; ] and Synnot v.
Simpson, 5 H. L. Cas . 121 .
699