*341
[CH. XIV. S. 5.
LIABILITY OF
TRUSTEES
where it does not appear that the executor has made greater
interest, for the Court invariably compels the executor to account for every farthing he has actually received (h) .
[*341]
* 13. Under what circumstances trustees will be
charged with extra interest.-It is not easy to define
the circumstances under which the Court will charge executors and trustees with more than 4 per cent. interest or with
compound interest.
In a late case it was laid down by Sir
John Romilly, M. R.: 1. That if an executor retain balances
in his hands, which he ought to have invested, the Court will
charge him with simple interest, at 4 per cent.
2. That if,
in addition to such retention, he has committed a direct breach
of trust, or if the fund has been taken by him from a proper
state of investment, in which it was producing 5 per cent.,
he will be charged with interest after the rate of 5 per cent.
per annum.
3. That if in addition to this, he has employed
the money so obtained by him in trade or speculation, for his
own benefit or advantage, he will be charged either with the
profits actually obtained from the use of the money, or with
interest at 5 per cent. per annum, and also with yearly rests,
that is, with compound interest (a) .
14. Trustee charged with 5 per cent. where gross misconduct.-The dicta and decisions undoubtedly seem to establish, in accordance with the view just quoted, that an executor will be charged with interest at 5 per cent. where he is
guilty, not merely of negligence, but of actual corruption or
misfeasance, amounting to a wilful breach of trust (b).
But
in Attorney-General v. Alford(c), Lord Cranworth expressed
(h) Forbes v. Ross, 2 Cox, 116, per
Lord Thurlow ; In re Hilliard, 1 Ves .
jun. 90, per eundem ; Hankey v. Garret,
1 Ves . jun. 239, per eundem ; Brown
v. Litton, 10 Mod. 21, per Lord Harcourt; Hall v. Hallet, 1 Cox, 138, per
Lord Thurlow.
(a) Jones v. Foxall, 15 Beav, 392 ;
and see Saltmarsh v. Barrett (No. 2),
31 Beav. 349; [Gilbert v. Price, W.
N. 1878, p. 117.
In Jamaica interest
at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum
will be allowed; De Cordova v. De
Cordova, 4 App. Cas. 692.]
(b) Tebbs v. Carpenter,1Mad. 306,
per Sir T. Plumer; Bick v. Motley, 2
Μ. & Κ. 312 ; Mousley v. Carr, 4Beav.
53, per Lord Langdale; and see Crackelt v. Bethune, 1 J. & W. 588 ; Docker
v. Somes , 2 M. & Κ. 670 ; Munch v.
Cockerell, 5 M. & Cr. 220 ; Ex parte
Ogle, 8 L. R. Ch. App. 716; Hooper
v . Hooper, W. N. 1874, p. 174.
But
see Meader v . M'Cready, 1 Moll. 119.
(c) Attorney-General v. Alford, 4
De G. M. & G. 851, 852 ; and see
Vyse v . Foster, 8 L. R. Ch.App. 333;
affirmed 7 L. R. H. L. 318 .
472