CH. XVII . S. 1.
*408

FOR RAISING PORTIONS .
child, as for money advanced by the child or on any other
account, a bequest by the father to the child is no satisfaction,
where it would not be a satisfaction as between the father
and a stranger (e), but what would be a satisfaction as between strangers, will also be a satisfaction as between father
and child (f) .
13. Contingent legacy.-A contingent legacy bequeathed
by a father will not be a satisfaction of a vested interest in
the child under a previous settlement (g) .
14. Strangers may be benefited.-A stranger may indirectly
derive advantage from the doctrine of ademption, as where
a testator gives a legacy to the child, and the residue to
strangers, and then in his lifetime advances the child beyond
the amount of the legacy.
Here the ademption of the legacy
swells the quantum of the residue for the benefit of the residuary legatees.
This arises not from the application of the
doctrine, but in spite of it, and therefore, where a testator
bequeaths his residue equally between his wife or a stranger,
and his child, and then advances the child in his lifetime,
here the advance is not brought into account so as
to augment the residue for the benefit * of the wife [*408]
or stranger, but the wife or stranger can claim only
the moiety of the actual residue (a) .
15. Ademption and satisfaction distinguished.-Ademption
and satisfaction are often confounded, but one broad distinction between them must not be lost sight of.
Where the
will precedes and the settlement follows, the settlement is
an actual extinguishment of the claim under the will.
But
where the settlement precedes and the will or gift follows ,
here as the settlement created a legal obligation or vested a
legal right by act inter vivos , the subsequent testamentary
disposition cannot annul it, but all that equity can do is to
put the parties entitled under the legal obligation or legal
gift, to their election.
Thus a testator bequeaths 1000l. to
(e) Tolson v. Collins, 4 Ves. 483 ;
Fairer v. Park, 3 Ch. D. 309 .
(f) Edmunds v . Low, 3 K. & J.
318.
(g)
Bellasis v. Uthwatt, 1 Atk.
426; Hanbury v. Hanbury, 2 B. C. C.
352 ; Chichester v. Coventry, 2 L. R.
H. L. 96 , per Lord Romilly .
(a) Meinertzhagen v. Walters, 7
L. R. Ch . App. 670; [and see Stewart
v. Stewart, 15 Ch. D. 539.]