CH . XXIII . S. 2.

*602

CONSTRUCTION OF POWERS .

1. Power to " A. and B., and their heirs."-If a power be
given to " A. and B. and their heirs," it is perfectly clear,
that, although the limitation of an estate in such terms would
so vest it in the grantees that they might convey it to a
stranger, and the survivor devise it, the power is not to be
construed as intended in like manner to be assignable and
devisable (c) .

Chief Justice Wilmot's opinion.--Upon the subject of such
a power where it was given personally, and unaccompanied
by any estate, to A. and B. and their heirs, Lord Chief Justice Wilmot observed, " It is asked What must become of
the power upon the death of one of the trustees ?
It must
be considered as a tenancy in common.
Had the words been
' their several and respective heirs,' it would have been clear ;
and in common parlance, and according to the common apprehension of mankind, when an estate is given to two men and
their heirs, no one not illumined with the legal nature of
joint-tenancy could ever conceive the estate was to go to the
heirs of the survivor.
It is equivalent to saying, With consent of both while they live ; but when one dies, that consent
shall devolve upon his heir ; the heir of the dead trustee shall
consent as well as the surviving trustee.
One may abuse the
power; Iwill supply the loss of one by his heir, and the loss
of both by the heirs of both " (d).

But this was where A. and B. had a * mere power, for where A. and B. [*602]
are trustees of an estate limited to them and their
heirs, and the power constitutes an essential part of the
trust, it will pass with the estate to the survivor (a) .

Townsend v. Wilson.- In Townsend v. Wilson (6) a power
of sale was given to three trustees to preserve contingent
remainders and their heirs ; and it was directed that the
money to arise from the sale should be paid into the hands
of the trustees or the survivors or survivor of them, and the
executors , administrators, or assigns of such survivor, and
there was a power of appointment of new trustees, with a
(c) Cole v. Wade, 16 Ves . 46, per
Sir W. Grant .
(d) Mansell v. Vaughan, Wilm .
50, 51.
(a) See infra, p. 611 .
(b) 1 B. & Ald. 608, 3 Mad. 261 ;
and see Cooke r. Crawford, 13 Sim .
91.
813