*558
TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .
[CH. XXII.
time or times as opportunity should occur, was insufficient (a) ; but by sect. 5 of the Settled Land Act, 1884 (b),
it is now provided, by sub-sect. (1), that the notice required
by sect. 45 of the Act of 1882 of intention to make a sale ,
exchange, partition, or lease, may be notice of a general
intention in that behalf; but by sub-sect. (2), the tenant for
life is, upon request by a trustee of the settlement, to furnish to him such particulars and information as may reasonably be required by him from time to time with reference to
sales, exchanges, partitions, or leases effected or in progress,
or immediately intended ; and the section applies, by subsect. (4) , to a notice given before, as well as to a notice
given after, the passing of the Act;
provided, by subsect. (5), that no objection to such notice was taken before
the passing of the Act.
Except as to a mortgage or charge.
It is to be observed
that the Act of 1884 does not extend to the case of notice
of intention to make a mortgage or charge ; and such a
notice, to be valid, must specify the particular mortgage or
charge contemplated at the time when the notice is given (c).
Committee of lunatic.
The committee of a lunatic tenant
for life cannot give a legal notice under the Act, unless he
has previously obtained the sanction of the Court of Lunacy
thereto (d) .
Waiver of notice.-Any trustee, by writing under his
hand, may waive notice, either in any particular case or generally, and may accept less than one month's notice (e) .
And it is conceived that the waiver of notice, or acceptance
of shorter notice, if signed by all the trustees, will extend
as well to the notice to be given to the trustees' solicitor
under the Act of 1882, as to the notice to be given to the
trustees themselves .
12.
Where notice to sole trustee sufficient. - Where trustees
are appointed by a settlement with such powers as to make