CH. XXIII . S. 2.]
*606
DISCLAIMER .
division among the beneficiaries will not be invalid, but it
must be exercised within a reasonable time (a) .

11. Joint powers.- Powers given to trustees must be exercised by them jointly, but an act by one trustee, with the
sanction and approval of a co-trustee, will be deemed the act
of both (b) .

[12. Contract for lease by tenant for life carried out.
Where a power of leasing was given to a legal tenant for
life, and after his death to trustees, during the minority of a
legal tenant in tail, and the tenant for life entered into a
contract to grant a building lease but died before the lease
was granted, itwas held that the trustees had power to effectuate the contract of the tenant for life by executing a
lease (c) .

13.
Moral
considerations.
Trustees in the exercise
of
their powers must act bonâ fide and impartially for the benefit of their cestuis que trust- i.e. the persons claiming under
the settlement, and must not deviate from the terms of the
trust from moral considerations, or seek to do what they
may think right, if in excess of their trust (d) .

III. Of the effect of disclaimer, assignment and survivorship of the estate .
First. Of disclaimer.
1. Effect of disclaimer upon powers.-If a power be given
to several trustees, and one of them disclaims [the trust] ,
the power may be exercised by the continuing trustees or
trustee (e) .

In Hawkins v. Kemp (f), a purchaser at first objected that
the accepting trustees could not exercise the power, or not
without the appointment of a new trustee in the place of the
trustee who had disclaimed, but the point was afterwards
[(a) Per Jessel, M. R., Peters v.
Lewes , and East Grinstead Railway
Company, 18 Ch. D. 429 ; but see
S. C. 16 Ch . D. 703.]
260.
(b) Messeena v. Carr, 9 L. R. Eq.
[(c) Davis v. Harford, 22 Ch. D.
128. ]
(d) Ellis v. Barker, 7 L. R. Ch .
App. 104.
(e) Jenk. 44; Crewe v . Dicken, 4
Ves. 97; Earl Granville v. McNeile,
7 Hare, 156; White v. M'Dermott, 7
I. R. C. L. 1.
(f) 3 East, 410.
819