*103
[CH. VII. S. 2.
UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .
of giving the warrant (e) ; and [even under the law prior to
the Married Women's Property Act, 1882] the marriage of
afeme was not an alienation of a chose en action to the extent
of her equity to a settlement out of it (f) ; but where real
estate was held in trust for A. and her assigns for her life,
with remainder over, with a proviso, that, if she did anything
whereby she might lose the control over the income, the life
estate should " cease as fully as it would by her actual decease," and she married, so that the husband obtained the
control over the income, the limitation over to the remainderman took effect (g) .
Where the forfeiture is to arise on
bankruptcy, no forfeiture is incurred by a bankruptcy which
is afterwards annulled, provided the annulment be effected
before any beneficial interest could have come to the hands
of the assignee (h) ; and where the clause was against " anticipating or otherwise assigning or encumbering " the annual proceeds, and the cestui que trust assigned, so far as he
lawfully could without forfeiture, the arrears already
[*103] * accrued, but not the future income, it was held that
the assignment being confined to the arrears was
valid (a) ; and a power of attorney to receive the income
and a charge upon the income will not be a forfeiture,
unless it can be proved that the power of attorney and
charge were meant to be applied to future income, and not
to be confined to arrears already accrued (b) ; and an assignment in general words will not comprise a property which
if attempted to be assigned would become forfeited (c) .
(e) Avison v. Holmes, 1 J. & H.
530; and see Barnett v . Blake, 2 Dr.
& Sm. 117 ; Montefiore v. Behrens,
35 Beav. 95.
(f) Bonfield v. Hassell, 32 Beav.
217.
(g) Craven v. Brady, 4 L. R. Ch.
App. 296.
[But see now 45 & 46 Vict.
c. 75.]
(h) White v . Chitty, 1L. R. Eq.
372. This case went to the verge, but
in Lloyd v. Lloyd, 2 L. R. Eq. 722,
the Court went even further.
See
also Re Parnham's Trust, 13 L. R.
Eq. 413; [as decided by Lord Romilly,
M. R.;
and the same case
subsequently brought before Sir G. Jessel,
M. R. 46 L. J. N. S. Ch . 80, when he
came to a decision directly opposed
to that of Lord Romilly; ] Trappes
v . Meredith , 9 L. R. Eq. 229 ;
[Samuel v. Samuel, 12 Ch. D. 152 ; Ancona
v. Waddell, 10 Ch. D. 157; Hurst v.
Hurst, 21 Ch. D. 278;] Robertson v.
Richardson, 30 Ch. D. 623.
(a) Re Stulz's Trusts, 4 De G. M.
& G. 404; S. C. 1 Eq. Rep. 334.
(b) Cox v. Bockett, 35 Beav. 48.
(c) Re Waley's Trust, 3 Eq. Rep.
380; and see Fausset v. Carpenter, 2
140