*586
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[ CH . XXIII . S. 1.
circumstances, but without the authority of the Court,breaks
in upon the capital, would not be liable, on the cestuis que
trust's coming of age, to account for the expenditure (6).
But where payments of this kind, which are not strictly
authorised, are made by executors or trustees, and the propriety of them is questioned in a suit, and there is a deficiency of assets, the costs of suit will have priority over the
allowances to the executors or trustees (c) .
Where the legacy was not more than 300l., Sir W. Grant determined that
the trustee had exceeded his duty, and said his impression
was, that the rule had been never to permit trustees of their
own authority to break in upon the capital (d) ; but the case
of Barlow v . Grant, which is clearly to the contrary, must
have escaped his Honour's recollection (e) .
The general
rule is, however, not to break into capital for maintenance,
and where the legacy is considerable, as 1000l., or the like,
as the Court itself would most probably not order the application of part of the principal, the trustee would not be safe
in exceeding of his own authority the amount of the interest (f) .
* 32 .
Maintenance where father alive.- Where the
father of an infant is alive, trustees should, in granting maintenance, bear in mind that the Court never allows
afather maintenance out of his children's property without
a previous inquiry as to his ability to maintain them himself (a) .
The term ability, however, is relative to the position
of the father and children ; and maintenance has been allowed
to a father who had 6000l. a year (b) . And an express declaration in the instrument of trust, or a previous contract, as
in the case of a marriage settlement to which the father is a
party, may confer on the father a right to have maintenance
(b) Barlow v. Grant, 1 Vern. 255 ;
Carmichael v. Wilson, 3 Moll. 79 ;
Bridge v. Brown, 2 Y. & C. С. С. 181,
189.
520.
473.
(c) Robinson v. Killey, 30 Beav.
(d) Walker v . Wetherell, 6 Ves .
(e) See also Prince v. Hine, 26
Beav. 636 .
(f) Barlow v . Grant, 1 Vern. 255,
perLord Guildford ; Davies v. Austen,
1 Ves. jun. 247 ; S. C. 3 B. С. С. 178 ;
Beasley v. Magrath, 2 Sch. & Lef. 35.
(a) See now 23 & 24 Vict. c. 145,
s . 26;
[since repealed and its place
supplied by 44 & 45 Vict. c. 41, s. 43.]
(6) Jervoise v. Silk, 1G. Coop. 52;
Ex parte Williams, 2 Coll. 740 ; Culbertson v. Wood, 5 I. R. Eq. 23, see 41.
792