*147
[Сн. ІХ. S. 1.
RESULTING TRUSTS .
tween a devise to a person for a particular purpose with no
intention of conferring the beneficial interest, and a devise
with the view of conferring the beneficial interest, but subject to a particular injunction.
Thus, if lands be devised to
A. and his heirs upon trust to pay debts, this is simply the
creation of a trust, and the residue will result to the heir ;,
but if the devise be to A. and his heirs charged with debts ,
the intention of the testator is to devise beneficially subject
to the charge, and then whatever remains, after the charge
has been satisfied, will belong to the devisee (e) .
12. No positive rule to be laid down.-No positive rule
can be laid down in what cases the devise will carry with it
a beneficial character, and in what it will be construed a
trust ; but on all occasions the Court, refusing to be governed by mere technical phraseology, extracts the probable
intention of the settlor from the general scope of the instrument (f) .
13. Relationship of the devisee or legatee.-The recognition of the relationship of the parties has often materially
influenced the Court against the construction of a mere
trust (g); as , where a testator gave 51. to his brother,
[*147] who was his * heir-at-law, and " made and constituted his dearly beloved wife his sole heiress and
executrix to sell and dispose thereof at her pleasure, and to
pay his debts and legacies ; " and Lord King decreed the
devisee to be beneficially entitled (a).
But any allusion of
this kind is merely one circumstance of evidence, and therefore to be counteracted by the language of the other parts
of the instrument (b) .
Bird v. Harris, 9 L. R. Eq . 204 ; and
see Dawson v. Clarke, 18 Ves. 254;
Williams v . Arkle, 7 L. R. H. L. 606.
(e) King v. Denison, 1 V. & B.
272, per Lord Eldon.
(f) Hill v. Bishop of London, 1
Atk. 620, per Lord Hardwicke ; Walton v. Walton, 14 Ves. 322, per Sir
W. Grant; Starkey v. Brooks, 1 P.
W. 391 , per Lord Cowper ; King v.
Denison, 1 V. & B. 279, per Lord
Eldon.
(g) Lloyd v . Spillet, cited Cook v.
Duckenfield, 2 Atk. 566; Lloyd v.
Wentworth, cited Robinson v . Taylor, 2 B. C. C. 594; Smith v. King,
16 East, 283; Coningham v. Mellish,
Pr. Ch . 31 ; Cook v. Hutchinson, 1
Keen,42.
(a) Rogers v . Rogers, 3 P. W. 193.
(b) Buggins v. Yates, 9 Mod. 122 ;
Wych v . Packington, 2 Eq. Ca. Ab.
507; and see King v. Denison, 1 V.
&Β. 274.