CH. XVIII . S. 3.]
CONFIRMATION OF PURCHASE.
*498
(provided her power of anticipation be not restrained), has,
to the extent of her interest in the property, all the capacity
of a feme sole (g) .
β. The confirmation must be a solemn and deliberate act,
not, for instance, fished out from loose expressions in a letter (h) ; and particularly where the original transaction was
infected with fraud, the confirmation of it is so inconsistent
with justice, and so likely to be accompanied with imposition,
that the Court will watch it with the utmost strictness, and
not allow it to stand but on the very clearest evidence (i) .
y. There must be no suppressio veri or suggestio falsi, but
the cestui que trust must be honestly made acquainted with
all the material circumstances of the case (j) .
8. It has been laid down that the confirming party must
not be ignorant of the law, that is, he must be aware that the
transaction is of such a character that he could impeach it in
a Court of Equity (k) ; but it may be doubted whether
this view is consistent * with the established doctrine, [*498]
that mistake of law as distinguished from mistake of
fact forms no ground for relief (a) .
The confirmation must be wholly distinct from and independent of the original contract (b) -not a conveyance
of the estate executed in pursuance of a covenant in the
original deed for further assurance (c) .
ε.
(g) See infra .
(h) Carpenter v . Heriot, 1 Eden,
338; and see Montmorency v. Devereux, 7 Cl . & Fin. 188.
(i) Morse v . Royal, 12 Ves . 373,
per Lord Erskine.
(j) See Murray v. Palmer, 2 Sch.
& Lef. 486; Baugh v. Price, 1 G.
Wils . 320 ; Morse v. Royal , 12 Ves .
373;
Cole v. Gibson, 1 Ves . 507 ;
Roche v . O'Brien, 1 B. & B. 338, and
following pages ; Adams v . Clifton, 1
Russ . 297; Cockerell v . Cholmeley, 1
R. & M. 425 ; S. C. Taml . 444; Chesterfield v. Janssen, 2 Ves . 146, 149,
152, 158 ; Chalmer v. Bradley, 1 J. &
W. 51.
(k) See Cann v. Cann, 1 P. W.
727; Dunbar v. Tredennick, 2 B. & B.
317; Burney v. Macdonald, 15 Sim.
15; Molony v. L'Estrange, 1 Beat.
413; Crowe v. Ballard, 2 Cox, 357 ;
S. C. 1 Ves . jun. 220 ; S. С. 3 В. С. С.
120;
Watts v . Hyde, 2 Coll. 377 ;
Cockerell v. Cholmeley, 1 R. & M.
425; Murray v. Palmer, 2 Sch. & Lef.
486 ; Roche v. O'Brien, 1 B. & B. 339 ;
Ex parte James, 9 L. R. Ch. App . 609.
(a) Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company v. Johnson,
6 H. L. Cas . 798; and see Stafford v .
Stafford, 1 De G. & J. 202; Stone v.
Godfrey, 5 De G. M. & G. 76 ; Re
Saxon Life Assurance Company, 2 J.
& H. 412.
(b) See Wood v. Downes, 18 Ves .
128; Morse v. Royal, 12 Ves . 373 ;
Scott v. Davis, 4 M. & Cr. 91, 92;
Roberts v. Tunstall, 4 Hare, 267.
(c) Roche v. O'Brien, 1 Β. & Β.
673