*308
[CH. XIV. S. 4.
INVESTMENT.
resulted if the investment had been made in Bank Annuities (e) .
4. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 35.-By Lord St. Leonards' Act, 22 &
23 Vict. c. 35, s. 32, trustees, executors, and administrators,
where not expressly forbidden by the instrument creating
the trust, are authorized to invest trust funds in the stock of
the Bank of England or Ireland, or on East India stock ; but
the Act does not apply where a particular fund is settled
specifically and there is no power of varying securities (f) .
This clause was rightly held by Sir John Romilly, M. R. (g),
(in accordance with the view taken by V. C. Kindersley, in
reference to the 27th section (h), but in opposition to V. C.
Stuart (i)), not to apply to trusts created by an instrument
dated before the Act, but now by the Amendment Act, 23 &
24 Vict. c. 38 , s. 12, the 32d section of the original Act is
made retrospective.
30 & 31 Vict. c. 132.- The Court refused under this Act
to sanction an investment in stock created under the India
Loan Act, 22 & 23 Vict. c. 39 (j), but by 30 & 31 Vict.
c. 132, s. 1, the words East India Stock are to be
[*308] * taken to include as well the old East India stock
as " East India stock charged on the revenues of
India, and created under and by virtue of any Act of Parliament," passed on or after the 13th day of August,
1859 (a) .
[India Loan Acts.]-The stock under the India Loan Act
has been issued under the name of India, and not of East
India stock, and hence a doubt has been suggested whether
India stock be within the purview of 30 & 31 Vict. c. 132,
(e) Hynes v. Redington, 7 Ir. Eq.
Rep. 405;
1 Jones & Lat. 589 ;
see
post, chap. xxx. s . 3.
(f) Re Ward's Settlement, 2 J. &
H. 191; but see contra, Waite v. Littlewood, 41 L. J. N. S. Ch . 636.
But in
which the case before V. C. Wood
was not cited.
(g) Re Miles's Will, 5 Jur. N. S.
1236.
(i) Re Rich's Trusts, Jan. 27, 1860 ;
and see Page v. Bennett, 2 Giff. 117;
Re Simson's Trusts, 1 J. & H. 89.
(j) Re
Colne
Valley Railway,
Johns . 528 ; 29 L. J. N. S. Ch. 33 ;
Re Simson's Trusts, 1 J. & H. 89;
Equitable Reversionary Interest Society v. Fuller, Ib. 382, per Cur.
. (a) The day on which the India
Loan Act received the Royal Assent was August 13, 1859 (h) Dodson v. Sammell, 6 Jur. N.
S. 137 ; see S. C. 1 Dr. & Sm . 575 .
i
!