*62
[CH. V. S. 3.
STATUTES OF WILLS .
the testator and A. that the devisee or legatee will as to a
part or even the entirety of the beneficial interest hold upon
any trust which is lawful in itself, in favour of B., the Court,
at the instance of B., will affect the conscience of A., and
decree him to execute the testator's intention (b).
But in
this, as in other cases, if it appear that A. was not meant to
be a trustee, but to have a mere discretion, the Court cannot
convert the arbitrary power into a trust (c).
[9. Intention not communicated.
But where the bequest
was on the face of the will a beneficial one, and the understanding between the testator and the legatee was, that he
should take the property as trustee upon trust to deal with
it according to further directions which the testator was to
give by letter, and the testator subsequently wrote letters
containing the directions, but never sent them or communicated their contents to the legatee, it was held that the legatee was a trustee for the next of kin ; and it was considered
to be essential for the validity of the trust that it should be
communicated to the legatee in the testator's lifetime, and
that he should accept the particular trust (d) .
10. Admission by one joint tenant. -Where property was
devised to four persons as joint tenants, and one of them in
his will made certain statements which pointed to a secret
trust, it was held that these statements could not affect the
(b) Kingsman v . Kingsman, 2 Vern .
559; Drakeford v. Wilks, 3 Atk. 539;
Attorney-General
v. Dillon, 13 Ir.
Ch. Rep. 127; Gray v. Gray, 11 Ir.
Ch . Rep. 218; Barrow v. Green, 3
Ves .
152 ;
Marriot v.
Marriot,
1
Strange, 672 , per Cur.; Segrave v.
Kirwan, 1 Beatt. 164, per Sir A. Hart ;
Leister v. Foxcroft, cited ib.; Chamberlaine v. Chamberlaine, 2 Eq. Ca.
Ab. 43; ib . 465; Irvine v. Sullivan, 8
L. R. Eq. 673; Norris v. Frazer, 15
L. R. Eq. 318; Thynn v. Thynn, 1
Vern. 296; Devenish v. Baines, Prec .
in Ch. p . 3 ; Oldham v. Litchford, 2
Vern . 506 ; S. C. Freem. 284 ; Reech
v. Kennigate, Amb. 67 ; S. C. 1 Ves .
123; Newburgh v. Newburgh, 5 Madd.
266, per Sir John Leach ; Chamberlain v. Agar, 2 Ves. & B. 259 ; Nab
v. Nab, 10 Mod. Rep. 404; Strode v .
Winchester, 1 Dick. 397 ; S. C. stated
from Reg . Lib. App. No. 1 to 3d edition of the present work; and see
Alison's case, 9 Mod. Rep. 62 ; Dixon
v. Olmius, 1 Cox, 414.
But in the
case put, B. takes by the rules of
equity, and not 'by testamentary disposition, and, therefore, where A. had
undertaken, at the request of a testatrix in Ireland to hold for a charity,
he paid legacy duty as beneficial
owner, though by the Irish Stamp
Acts a legacy to a charity was exempted; Cullen v. Attorney-General,
1 L. R. H. L. 190.
(c) McCormick v. Grogan, 1 I. R.
Eq. 313 ; 4 L. R. H. L. 82 ; Creagh
v. Murphy, 7 I. R. Eq. 182.
[(d) Re Boyes, 26 Ch. D. 531.]