CH . XVIII . S. 3.

*485
PURCHASES BY TRUSTEES .
Chase be made in the trustee's own name or in the name
of a trustee for him (e), by private contract or public auction (f), from himself as the single trustee, or with
the sanction of his *co-trustees (a) ; for he who [*485]
undertakes to act for another in any matter cannot,
in the same matter, act for himself (b) .
The situation of the
trustee gives him an opportunity of knowing the value of
the property, and as he acquires that knowledge at the
expense of the cestui que trust, he is bound to apply it for
the cestui que trust's benefit (c).
Besides, if the trustee
appeared at the auction professedly as a bidder, that would
operate as a discouragement to others, who seeing the vendor
ready to purchase at or above the real value, would feel a
reluctance to enter into the competition, and so the sale
would be chilled (d) .
Trustee who has disclaimed.- But the rule does not apply
to a person named as trustee, but who has disclaimed without
having acted in the trust (e), [or to a person who has the
power of becoming a trustee though he never actually does
become one (f) , ] or to a tenant for life whose consent to the
sale is required by the terms of the power (g) ; or to mere
nominal trustees as trustees to preserve contingent remainders (h) ; or where A. is the trustee in fee for B. in fee, and
(e) Campbell v. Walker, 5 Ves .
678;
S. C. 13 Ves. 601 ; Randall v .
Errington, 10 Ves. 423 ;
Crowe v.
Ballard, 2 Cox, 253 ; S. C. 3 В. С. С.
117;
Hall v. Hallett, 1 Cox, 134;
Watson v. Toone, 6 Mad. 153 ; Baker
v. Carter, 1 Y. & C. 250 ; Knight v.
Majoribanks, 2 Mac. & G.12.
(f) Campbell v. Walker, Randall
v.Errington, ubi supra ; Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves . 381, see 393 ; Ex parte
James , 8 Ves . 337, see 349 ; Whelpdale v. Cookson, 1 Ves. 9 ; S. C. stated
from R. L. Campbell v. Walker, 5
Ves . 682 ; Ex parte Hughes, 6 Ves .
617; Ex parte Lacey, Id. 625 ; Lister
v. Lister, Id. 631 ; Whichcote v . Lawrence, 3 Ves. 740; Attorney-General
v. Lord Dudley, G. Coop. 146; Downes.
v. Grazebrook, 3 Mer. 200.
(a) Whichcote v. Lawrence, 3 Ves .
740; Hall v. Noyes, cited Id. 748;
and see Morse v. Royal, 12 Ves . 374.
(b) Whichcote v. Lawrence, 3 Ves .
750; per Lord Rosslyn ; Ex parte
Lacey, 6 Ves . 626, per Lord Eldon;
Re Bloye's Trust, 1 Mac. & G. 495.
(c) See Ex parte James , 8 Ves . 348 .
(d) See Ex parte Lacey, 6 Ves . 629 .
(e) Stacey v . Elph, 1 M. & Κ . 195 ;
and see Chambers v. Waters, 3 Sim. 42.
[(f) Clark v. Clark, 9 App. Cas .
733.]
(g) Howard v. Ducane, T. & R. 81 ;
Bevan v . Habgood, 1 J. & H. 222 ;
Dicconson v . Talbot, 6 L. R. Ch. App .
32, see ante, p . 317 .
(h) Sutton v. Jones, 15 Ves . 587 ;
Naylor v. Winch, 1 S. &
S.
567 ;
Pooley ข. Quilter, 4Drew. 189; Parkes
v. White, 11 Ves . 226.
657