*457
[CH. XVIII. S. 2.
TRUSTEES' RECEIPTS.
absence of statement of the purpose for which the money is
wanted will not make a purchaser or mortgagee liable on
the ground of presumed knowledge that the money was to
be applied otherwise than for payment of debts (c) .
So if
the trust be for payment of a particular debt named, and of
the testator's other debts (d) .
So if the trust be for payment of debts and legacies, the purchaser is equally protected ; for as the discharge of the debts must precede that
of the legacies, and the purchaser is not called upon to mix
himself up with the settlement of the debts, he is necessarily
absolved from all liabilities in respect of the legacies (e) .
8. Scheduled debts or legacies.-But if the trust
[*457] be for payment of particular or scheduled * debts
only (a), or of legacies only (b), then, as there is no
trust to be executed requiring time or discretion, but the
purchase-money is simply to be distributed amongst certain
parties, there is no reason why the purchaser should not,
under the general rule, be expected to see that the purchasemoney finds its way into the proper channel.
Late Assets Act.-And the purchaser, where legacies only
are charged, is still bound to see to the application of his
78 ; Smith v . Guyon, 1 B. С. С. 186,
S. & S. 205, per Sir J. Leach ; Eland
and cases cited Ib. note; Ithell v.
v. Eland, 1 Beav. 235; S. C. 4 M. &
Beane, 1 Ves. 215; per Lord HardCr. 420; Page v. Adam, 4Beav. 269;
wicke; Lloyd v. Baldwin, Ib. 173, per
Forbes v . Peacock,12 Sim. 528 ; 1 Ph.
eundem; Dolton v. Hewen, 6 Mad. 9 ;
717.
Exparte Turner, 9 Mod. 418, per Lord
Hardwicke ; Gosling v. Carter, 1 Coll.
644; Eland v. Eland, 1 Beav. 235;
S. C. 4 M. & Cr. 420; Jones v. Price,
11 Sim . 557;
Currer v. Walkley , 2
Dick. 649, corrected from Reg . Lib. 3
Sugd. Vend. & Purch. 168, 10th ed.
(c) Corser v. Cartwright, 7 L. R.
H. L. 731.
(d) Robinson v. Lowater, 17 Beav .
592; 5 De G. M. & G. 272.
(e) Rogers
r.
Skillicorne, Amb.
188; Smith v. Guyon, 1 B. С. С. 186 ;
Jebb v. Abbott, and Benyon v. Gollins, cited Co. Lit. 290 b. note by
Butler; Williamson v. Curtis, 3 B. C.
C. 96; Johnson v. Kennett, 3 M. & Κ.
630;
per Lord Lyndhurst; 6 Ves .
654, note (a) ; Watkins v. Cheek, 2
(a) Doran v . Wiltshire, 3 Sw. 701,
per Lord Thurlow; Smith v. Guyon,
1 В. С. С. 186, per eundem, and cases
cited, Ib. note; Rogers v. Skillicorne,
Amb. 189, per Lord Hardwicke; Humble v. Bill, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab. 359, per Sir
N. Wright; Anon. Mos. 96; Spalding
v. Shalmer, 1 Vern. 303, per Lord
North; Abbot v. Gibbs, 1 Eq. Ca. Ab.
358; Elliot v. Merryman, Barn . 81 ,
per Sir J. Jekyll ; Binks v. Rokeby,
2 Mad. 238, per Sir T. Plumer ; Ithell
v. Beane, 1 Ves . 215, per Lord Hardwicke; Lloyd v. Baldwin, 1 Ves . 173,
per eundem; and see Dunch v. Kent, 1
Vern . 260; Culpepper v. Aston, 2
Ch . Ca. 223 .
(b) Johnson v. Kennett, 3 Μ. & Κ.
930 ; Horn v . Horn, 2 S. & S. 448.
620