TRUSTEES UNDER SETTLED LAND ACTS .

*561
life impeachable for waste in respect of timber, can on obtaining such consent or order, cut and sell timber ripe and
fit for cutting.

Improvements.-So again sect. 25 enumerates the various
improvements which fall under the description of
improvements authorised by the act (b), * but by [*561]
sect. 26, sub-sect. (1), where the tenant for life is
(b) These improvements are the
making or execution on, or in connection with, and for the
benefit of
settled land, of any of the following
works, or of any works for any of the
following purposes, and any operation
incident to or necessary or proper in
the execution of any of those works,
or necessary or proper for carrying
into effect any of those purposes , or
for securing the full benefit of any
of those works or purposes , namely :
(1.)
Drainage,
including
the
straightening, widening, or deepening of drains, streams, and watercourses .
(2.) Irrigation, warping.
(3.) Drains, pipes, and machinery
for supply and distribution of sewage as manure.
(4.) Embanking or weiring from
a river or lake, or from the sea or
a tidal water.
(5.) Groynes, sea walls, defences
against water.
(6.) Inclosing, straightening of
fences, re-division of fields .
(7.) Reclamation, dry warping.
(8.) Farm roads, private roads,
roads or streets in villages or towns.
(9.) Clearing, trenching, planting.
(10.) Cottages for laborers, farmservants, and artizans, employed
on the settled land or not.
(11.) Farmhouses,
offices ,
and
out-buildings, and other buildings
for farm purposes .
(12.) Saw-mills, scutch-mills, and
other mills, water-wheels , enginehouses, and kilns, which will increase
the value of the
settled
land for agricultural purposes, or
as woodland or otherwise .
(13.) Reservoirs, tanks, conduits,
watercourses, pipes, wells, ponds ,
shafts, dams, weirs, sluices,
and
other works
and machinery for
supply and distribution of water
for agricultural, manufacturing, or
other purposes, or for domestic or
other consumption.
(14.)
Tramways,
railways, canals, docks.
(15.) Jetties, piers, and landing
places on rivers, lakes, the sea, or
tidal waters, for facilitating transport of persons and of agricultural
stock and produce, and of manure
and other things required for agricultural purposes, and of minerals,
and of things required for mining
purposes .
(16.) Markets and market-places.
(17.)
Streets,
roads,
paths,
squares, gardens,
or other
open
spaces for the use, gratuitously or
onpayment, of the public or of individuals, or for dedication to the
public, the same being necessary
or proper in connection with the
conversion of land into building
land.
(18.)
Sewers,
drains ,
watercourses, pipe-making, fencing, paving, brick-making, tile-making, and
other works necessary or proper in
connection with any of the objects
aforesaid.
(19.) Trial pits for mines, and
other preliminary works necessary
or proper in connection with development of mines .