*27
[CH. III. S. 1.
ALIENS .
As to personal estate.
As to personal estate an alien friend might, although an alien enemy could not, be the lawful owner of chattels personal, and might exercise the ordinary rights of proprietorship over them, and consequently might create a trust.
"Naturalization Act, 1870."-Now by the " Naturalization
Act, 1870," (a) which came into operation on 12th May,
1870, real and personal property of every description may be
taken, acquired, held, and disposed of by an alien in the
same manner in all respects as by a natural born British
subject, (b) and a title to real and personal property of every
description may be derived through, from, or in succession
to an alien in the same manner in all respects as through,
from, or in succession to a natural born subject, but this is
not to " qualify an alien for any office or any municipal,
parliamentary, or other franchise," and the enactment is not
to affect any disposition or devolution before the date of the
Act.(c)
14.
Traitors, felons, and outlaws. -With regard to Traitors ,
Felons , and Outlaws , a distinction by the old law was taken
between real and personal estate.
In high treason, lands,
whether held in fee simple, fee tail, (d) or for life, were upon
attainder forfeited absolutely to the Crown-and in all other
felonies the profits of the land were upon attainder forfeited
to the Crown during the life of the offender.
Subject to
these superior rights of the Crown by forfeiture, and to the
year, day, and waste of the Crown, (e) land, in cases of petit
treason and murder, (and until the statute of 54 G. 3, c. 145,
in all cases of felony,) escheated upon the death of the
offender, by reason of the corruption of blood caused by
houses for residence or occupationby
him or his servants, or for the purpose of any business, trade or manufacture for any term not exceeding
21 years .
(a) 33 Vic. c. 14.
[(b) This section enables a foreigner to dispose of property inEngland by will, but in the case of personalty the form of will must, if the
testator be domiciled abroad, be subject to the laws of his domicile.
In
the goods of Von Buseck, 6 Pr. D.
211; Bloxam v. Farre, 8 Pr. D. 101 ;
9 Pr. D. 130.]
(c) See as
to this Sharp v. St.
Sauveur, 7 L. R. Ch. App. 351 .
(d) 26 Hen. 8. c. 13.
See 2 Bac.
Ab . 576, 580.
(e) Attainder was also necessary
to entitle the Crown to the year, day
and waste.
Rex v. Bridger, 1 M. &
W. 145.
32