CH. VII. S. 2.

*104

UNLAWFUL TRUSTS .

[Where, however, there was a residuary gift to A. for life,
with remainder to B., with a general provision against alienation by B. in A.'s lifetime, and a mortgage was made by B.,
" subject, nevertheless, to the said proviso or condition in the
will contained," it was held by the late M. R. that there was
no forfeiture inasmuch as the restriction meant in substance
" I charge if I can charge, and I do not if I cannot charge,"
and consequently as B. had no power to charge the property
was never charged at all (d).
But if a memorandum of
charge be made and accepted by the person in whose favour
it is made, it will be effectual to create a forfeiture although
no claim is made under it, and a disclaimer of the charge
after it has once been accepted will not avail to prevent
the forfeiture (e) .
An assignment of the assignor's life estate to trustees for
the benefit of the assignor, until he otherwise directs, has
been held not to create a forfeiture so long as no direction is
given by the assignor inconsistent with his actual enjoyment
of the life estate (f) .
Where the forfeiture of an annuity was to arise on the
annuitant doing or suffering anything which would deprive
him of the right to receive the annuity, a garnishee order
served on the trustees was held to create a forfeiture (g).]

16. Insolvency.- Insolvency, while it existed, was not a
process in invitum, but the act of the insolvent himself (except it was on the petition of a creditor (h)), and therefore
came within the meaning of a restraint against " alienation" (i) .
But a mere declaration of insolvency to lay a
foundation for a bankruptcy was not an alienation or attempt at alienation (j) . Under The BankruptcyAct,
* 1869, a petition for liquidation was a voluntary part- [*104]
Dow & Cl. 232; 5 Bligh, N. S. 75 ; St.
Leonard's H. L. cases, 76.

[(d) Samuel v. Samuel, 12 Ch . D.
152.]

[(e) Hurst v. Hurst, 21 Ch. D.
278.]

[(f) Lockwood v. Sikes, 51 L. T.
N. S. 562.]

[(g) Bates v. Bates, W. N. 1884,
p. 129.]

(h) 1 & 2 Vict. c. 110, s. 36 ; see
Pym v . Lockyer, 12 Sim. 394.

(i) Shee v . Hale, 13 Ves . 404;
Brandon v. Aston, 2 Y. & C. Ch. Ca.
24; Churchill v. Marks, 1 Coll. 441 ;
Martin v. Margham, 14 Sim . 230 ;
Townsend v. Early, 34Beav. 23 .

(j) Graham v. Lee, 23 Beav. 388 .