*589
GENERAL POWERS OF TRUSTEES .
[CH. XXIII. S. 1
that age the testatrix gave the legacy to his brother and
sister equally, Lord Alvanley said, " It certainly was not
competent under this trust to the executor, nor could he, if
he had applied, have obtained permission from this Court, to
advance any part of the capital of the legacy in putting the
child out in the world ; for if it had been such a case that the
Court would have authorised the act that was done, I desire to
be understood that it would be considered as properly done ;
for the principle is now established, that if an executor does
without application what the Court would have approved, he
shall not be called to account, and forced to undo that merely
because it was done without application " (d).
But
[*589] where an infant was entitled, on a contingency, * and
at a certain time but which had not arrived there was
a power of advancement, and the trustee took upon himself
the risk as against the person entitled if the contingency
did not happen, and applied part of the capital for the advancement of the infant, he was allowed it in his account as
between him and the infant who in the event became entitled (a) .
38. Where there are cross limitations amongst the children.
-And where legacies were given to children payable at
twenty-one or marriage, with a limitation over on the death
of any child before attaining twenty-one or marriage, not in
favour of a stranger, but for the benefit of such of the children
as should attain twenty-one or marry, a trustee, who had paid
a premium on the apprenticeship of a child who died under
twenty-one was allowed it by the Court (b).
The case
turned upon the same principle as where a legacy is given
to a class, all or some of whom must take the fund absolutely, when, as all have an equal chance of survivorship, the
individuals of the class will be ordered maintenance even before their shares in the fund have become actually vested (c) .
This power is exercised by the Court, but cannot be exer
(d) Ib. 369.
(a) Worthington v. M'Craer, 23
Beav . 81 .
(6) Franklin v . Green, 2 Vern. 137 .
That the limitation over was for the
benefit of the children is not mentioned in the report,but appears from
Reg. Lib.
(c) See Rop. Leg. chap. xx. s . 5 ;
Greenwell v . Greenwell, 5 Ves. 194;
Cavendish v. Mercer, cited Ib.; Brandon v. Aston, 2 Y. & C. С. С. 30.
796