CH. XIV. S. 4.

*320

INVESTMENT .

unobjectionable security (f) ; but it has been held that a
direction not to " invest" but to " employ " the money,
savours of a trading concern (g) ; but the distinction appears too thin to be relied upon with safety.

28. Loan by way of annuity.-Upon a marriage the wife's
portion was settled upon the intended husband and wife for
their respective lives, with remainder to the issue, and a
power was given to the trustees to " call in and lay out the
money at greater interest if they could."
The trustees sold
out stock to the amount of 400l., and laid it out in the purchase of an annuity for one life, and insured the life, and Lord
Manners said the purchase of the annuity was not a proper
disposition of a trust fund settled as this was (h) .

29. Loans upon shares of companies.
A power to invest
"upon security of the funds of any company incorporated
by Act of Parliament," will not authorise an investment in
"Great Northern Preference shares," which are not a security upon the property of the company, but a participation in
the partnership (i) .

30. Debentures. -A power to lend on the debentures of a
public company did not, it is conceived, authorise an invest
ment on debenture stock, for the settlor in allowing debentures relied on the liability of the company to pay the
capital ; but in debenture stock the dividend only can be
recovered, and there are no means of realizing the capital
but by transfer, and the value in the market may
have greatly *sunk.
Debenture bonds are a tempo- [*320]
rary loan, but debenture stock is perpetual.

34 Vict. c. 27.-But by 34 Vict. c. 27, (29 June, 1871), it
was enacted that where power had been before the passing
of the Act or should at any time thereafter be given to
trustees to invest in the mortgages or bonds of a railway
or other company, such power should, unless the contrary be
expressed in the instrument, be deemed to include a power
to invest in the debenture stock of a railway or other com
pany.

(f) Dickonson v. Player, C. P.
Cooper's Cases, 1837-8, 178 .
(g) S. C.
(h) Fitzgerald v. Pringle, 2 Moll.
534.
(i) Harris
v. Harris, No. 1, 29
Beav. 107 .