CH. V. S. 3.

*64

STATUTES OF WILLS .

the exercise of his discretion, might think proper, should be
applied to a charitable purpose.
Under such circumstances
the heir of the testator would have a right to interrogate the
devisee whether he has exercised that discretion, and to call
for a conveyance of so much as the devisee may have made
subject to the unlawful purpose (a).

15. Defendant must discover what the secret trust was. - In
the above cases it is not a sufficient answer to an action by
the heir for the defendant to say that the secret trust is not
for the plaintiff, for thus the devisee makes himself the judge
of the title.
The trust may be for a charity, and if so, the
beneficial interest would result for want of a lawful intention, or the equitable interest might, on some other ground,
enure to the heir as undisposed of (b).
If the defendant
deny the trust by his answer, the fact in this, as in other
cases of fraud, may be established against him by parol
evidence (c).

16. Engagement to execute a trust and no trust declared.- It
is clear that if the devisee enters into an engagement with
the testator to execute an unlawful trust, the heir may bring
an action, and claim the beneficial interest ; but suppose the
devise is a beneficial one upon the face of it, and the testator
communicates his will to the devisee, and requests him to be
a trustee for such purposes as the testator shall declare, which
the devisee undertakes to do, but the testator afterwards dies
without having expressed any trust, it seems that in this case
also the devisee will not be allowed to take the beneficial
interest, but the heir-at-law will be entitled (d).

17. Case of devisee made a trustee on face of the will, and
parol declaration of trust for a stranger.
Another case, distinct from all the preceding, is where a testator devises an
estate to persons as trustees , but no trusts are declared by the
will, so that the equitable interest would, upon the face of
the will, be held by the devisees in trust (a) Muckleston v. Brown, 6 Ves .
69.
(b) Newton v . Pelham, cited Boson
v. Statham, 1 Eden, 514 ; [Re Boyes,
26 Ch . D. 531.]
(c) Kingsmanv.Kingsman, 2Vern .
599;
Pring v. Pring, 2 Vern. 99 ;
[Riordan
v. Banon, 10
I.
R. Eq.
469.]
(d) Muckleston v. Brown, 6 Ves .
52 ; [Re Boyes, 26 Ch. D. 531.]
See
also the observations of V. C. (afterwards L. J.) Turner, in Russell v.
Jackson, 10 Hare, p. 214.