*262

[Сн. ХІІІ.

SURVIVORSHIP OF THE TRUST .

without a spark of interest, and if one of them die, the
office is immediately extinguished (b).

[And where under
an order for maintenance two trustees were directed to pay
the income of a trust fund to the mother of an infant for the
maintenance of the infant during her minority, and one of
the trustees died and the survivor continued the payments,
it was held by the late M. R. that the trust for maintenance
arose only under the order and did not survive (c).
But
this view was not acquiesced in by the Court of Appeal,
where a distinction was drawn between a power and a positive direction involving no discretion (d) .]

But an executorship or administratorship survives (e) ; for " if," says Lord
Talbot, " a joint estate at law will survive, why shall not a
joint administration, when they both have a joint estate in
it ? " (f) .
So a testamentary guardianship vests in the survivors, for, as guardians may bring actions and avow in their
own names, may grant leases during the minority of the
ward, and demise copyholds even in reversion as
[*262] lords pro tempore, it is evident they have an * interest (a) .
It follows that as co-trustees have an authority coupled with an estate or interest, their office also
must be impressed with the quality of survivorship (b): as
if land be vested in two trustees upon trust to sell and one
of them dies, the other may sell (c); and if an advowson be
conveyed to trustees upon trust to present a proper clerk,
the survivors or survivor may present (d).
Otherwise,

143.
(b) Ex parte Lyne, Cas. t. Talbot,
[(c) Brown v. Smith, 10 Ch. D.. 377; 46 L. J. N. S. Ch, 866.]
[(d) S. C. 10 Ch. D. 377, 382.]
(e) Adams v. Buckland, 2 Vern. 514; Hudson v. Hudson, Cas. t. Talb. 127.
(f) Hudson v. Hudson, Cas. t. Talb. 129, per Lord Talbot ; Co. Lit. 113 a;
Attorney-General v. Glegg, Amb. 585, per Lord Hardwicke; Gwilliams v.
Rowel, Hard. 204; Billingsley v Mathew, Toth. 168.

(a) Eyre v. Countess of Shaftesbury, 2 P. W. 102.
But if joint
guardians be appointed by the Court,
the office, on the death of one, is at
an end; Bradshaw v. Bradshaw, 1 Russ. 528; Hall v. Jones, 2 Sim. 41.

(b) Hudson v. Hudson, Cas. t. Talb. 129, per Lord Talbot ; Co. Lit. 113 a;
Attorney-General v. Glegg, Amb. 585, per Lord Hardwicke; Gwilliams v.
Rowel, Hard. 204; Billingsley v Mathew, Toth. 168.

(c) See Co. Lit. 113 a; Warburton
v. Sandys , 14 Sim. 622; Watson v.
Pearson, 2 Exch. 594.

(d) SeeAttorney-Generalv.Bishop
of Litchfield, 5 Ves. 825; AttorneyGeneral v. Cuming, 2 Y. & C. C. C.
139.

If two trustees employ a solicitor, the surviving trustee may obtain
a decree for an account against the
solicitor without making the repre360