*71
WHEN A TRUST IS PERFECTLY CREATED .
[CH. VI.
the law permits, the Court in such a case should recognize
the act, and support the validity of the trust.
Some Judges have adopted the one view of the question,
and some the other (c).
But in the leading case of
[*71]
Kekewich v. Manning (a), Lord Justice K. Bruce
observed, " It is upon legal and equitable principle,
we apprehend, clear that a person sui juris acting freely,
fairly, and with sufficient knowledge, ought to have and has
it in his power to make in a binding and effectual manner a
voluntary gift of any part of his property, whether capable or
incapable of manual delivery, whether in possession or reversionary or howsoever circumstanced."
And it is conceived
that this principle will for the future prevail (b), [but since
debts and legal choses in action have been made transferable
at law, questions under this head will be of less frequent
occurrence (c) .]
Where the subject was incapable of transfer as a debt,
and a parol declaration of trust was made to the debtor, who
undertook to hold it upon those trusts, it was held to be a
valid settlement without any transfer or attempt at transfer (d) .
[7. Where a person wrote a letter to one of the two
trustees of the settlement made on his first marriage, stating
that he was desirous of making a settlement of six policies
on the children of that marriage, and undertaking to make
to the trustee and another trustee, to be named by the settlor,
an assignment by way of settlement of the policies, and until
the settlement was executed he was to be bound by the agreement,
as if the settlement were actually executed, and afterwards he
(c) The authorities for the validity
of the trust are, Fortescue v. Barnett,
3 M. & K. 36 ; Roberts v. Lloyd, 2
Beav. 376 ; Blakely v. Brady, 2 Drur.
& Walsh, 311 ; Airey v. Hall, 3 Sm .
& Gif. 315; Parnell v. Hingston, 3 Sm.
& Gif. 337 ; Pearson v. Amicable Assurance Office, 27 Beav. 229. In favour
of the opposite view, see Edwards v.
Jones, 1 M. & Cr. 226 ; Ward v. Audland, 8 Sim. 571 ;
C. P. Cooper's
Cases, 1837-1838, 146 ; 8 Beav. 201 ;
Meek v. Kettlewell, 1 Hare, 464;
Scales v . Maude, 6 De G. M. & G. 43 ;
Sewell v. Moxsy, 2 Sim. N. S. 189 .
(a) 1 De G. M. & G. 187, 188.
(b) See Wilcocks v. Hannyngton,
5 Ir. Ch. Rep . 45 ; Penfold v. Mould,
4 L. R. Eq. 564 ; [Lee v. Magrath, 10
L. R. Ir. 45, 313.]
[(c) Lee v. Magrath, 10 L. R. Ir.
313.]
(d) Roberts v. Roberts, 11 Jur. N.
S. 992 ; reversed 12 Jur. N. S. 971. As
to the legal transfer, see now 36 & 37
Vict. c. 66, s. 25, rule 6.
98