CH. IX. S. 1.

*152
RESULTING TRUSTS .

lunatic] retains its character of real estate [and on his death
intestate descends to his heir-at-law, but the heir will
take * it as realty or personalty according to its ac- [*152]
tual state of investment (a) .
So, where in a partition suit a sale was directed of certain
real estate, one-eighth of which belonged to a married woman
in fee, and an order was subsequently made directing that
the husband and wife accepting a certain sum as the purchase-money of the one-eighth, that sum shall be paid into
Court, which was accordingly done, but before any conveyance was executed the married woman died, it was held
that the purchase-money must be treated as realty (b).
But
since the Partition Act, 1876, if an order be made for the
sale of a married woman's share in real estate, with her consent or at her request, it will operate as a conversion (c) .
Where a sale was ordered in a partition action and the
share of a person who was sui juris was ordered to be paid
to her, but before payment she became a lunatic and afterwards died intestate, it was held that conversion of the share
had taken place at the date of the sale.1

[Where discretion in trustees.
If trustees have a
discretionary power of sale, and an order is made in an administration action directing a sale, the property is converted into
personalty as from the date of the order (d) .
Under
Lands
Clauses
Consolidation
Act.-If land
of
which an infant is seised in fee simple be taken under the
provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845,
and the purchase-money be paid into Court, the money retains the quality of real estate, and on the death of the infant descends to his heir-at-law (e) .]

Secondly. Money to be laid out on land results to the executor.- If a testator bequeath money to be laid out in a
Grimwood v. Bartels, 46 L. J. N. S.
Ch. 788.]
[(a) Mordaunt v. Benwell, 19 Ch.
D. 302.]
[(b) Mildmay v. Quicke, 6 Ch . D.
553.]
[(c) Wallace v. Greenwood, 16 Ch.
D. 362.]
[(d) Hyett v. Mekin, 25 Ch. D.
735; Crowther v. Bradney, 28 L. T.
N. S. 464.]
[(e) Kelland v. Fulford, 6 Ch. D.
491.]
1Re Pickard, 53 L. T. N. S. 293 .