CH. XV.

*377

RENEWAL OF LEASES .

or only of that part of the principal which fell to the share
of the tenant for life.

It will be seen also from this statement, that the Court made an apportionment according to
the speculative benefit, a course which the Court has in other
cases disclaimed, except for the purpose of raising the fine
in præsenti without prejudice to the ultimate apportionment
on the death of the tenant for life, when the relative benefits
derived can be ascertained.

It was perhaps understood,
though it does not so appear from the report, that the decree
was to be without prejudice to an ultimate adjustment.

Jones v. Jones.- In Jones v. Jones (a), before Vice-Chancellor Wigram, involving leaseholds for lives as well as leaseholds for years, and where the fines were to be raised out of
the rents or by mortgage, or by such other means as should
be advisable, the mode of raising and ultimately apportioning
the fines was fully considered, and the importance of the
subject may justify a somewhat lengthened extract from the
judgment.

" The rule," said the Vice-Chancellor, " is, that
the parties are to pay in proportion to their enjoyment, by
which I understand their actual enjoyment to be meant, and
not an extent of enjoyment to be determined by mere speculation, or by a calculation of probabilities , and the question
is, how that apportionment is to be effected.

If the
tenant for life is willing to * take upon himself to [*377 ]
renew, he will enjoy the estate during his own life,
and when the actual period of his enjoyment is ascertained,
his estate will have a lien upon the residue of the term for
any overpayment which may have been made.

The case is
one of much greater difficulty where the renewal is made by
the remainderman, or (which as to this difficulty is the same
thing), where the trustee is to raise the money and charge
it on the corpus.
In that case, unless some course be taken
to protect the interest of the remainderman, the tenant for
life may enjoy the estate during his whole life without bearing any greater charge than the interest on the debt created
by the renewal, and he may leave no assets to pay his proportion of the principal money.

That inconvenience may
perhaps be avoided by requiring the tenant for life to give

(a) 5 Hare,440.
517